at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	9
at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	10
at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	11
at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	12
at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	13
at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	14
at what age is it ok for a child to walk home from school by themselves	15
besides the actors, tell me someone whose name appears at the end of the movie.	director
besides the actors, tell me someone whose name appears at the end of the movie.	producer
besides food, name something with an expiration date on the package.	beverages
besides food, name something with an expiration date on the package.	medicine
give me a woman's name that has 3 letters in it.	ann
give me a woman's name that has 3 letters in it.	sue
give me a woman's name that has 3 letters in it.	eve
give me a woman's name that has 3 letters in it.	pam
give me a woman's name that has 3 letters in it.	kim
give me a woman's name that has 3 letters in it.	amy
if "american idol" had an animal competition, which animal would have the best chances?	dog
if "american idol" had an animal competition, which animal would have the best chances?	bird
if "american idol" had an animal competition, which animal would have the best chances?	monkey
if "american idol" had an animal competition, which animal would have the best chances?	cat
if "american idol" had an animal competition, which animal would have the best chances?	lion
if "american idol" had an animal competition, which animal would have the best chances?	cow
instead of walking, name a way to get around in snowy weather.	ski
instead of walking, name a way to get around in snowy weather.	snowmobile
if someone turned you upside down, name something that would fall out of your pockets.	car keys
if someone turned you upside down, name something that would fall out of your pockets.	money
if a woman nicknamed her boyfriend teddy bear, what might you guess about him.	big
if a woman nicknamed her boyfriend teddy bear, what might you guess about him.	cuddly
if a business woman were retiring, name something she'd be thrilled to never have to wear again.	suit
if a business woman were retiring, name something she'd be thrilled to never have to wear again.	heels
if a business woman were retiring, name something she'd be thrilled to never have to wear again.	pantyhose
if a business woman were retiring, name something she'd be thrilled to never have to wear again.	skirt/dress
in old movies, name something that's done to get a performer to leave the stage.	boo
in old movies, name something that's done to get a performer to leave the stage.	hook
in old movies, name something that's done to get a performer to leave the stage.	throw things
name something tourists see while visiting italy.	leaning tower of pisa
name something tourists see while visiting italy.	sistine chapel
name something tourists see while visiting italy.	museums
name something tourists see while visiting italy.	rome
name something tourists see while visiting italy.	gondolas
name something tourists see while visiting italy.	architecture
name an article of clothing that is usually only worn by men	boxers
name an article of clothing that is usually only worn by men	jock strap
name an article of clothing that is usually only worn by men	tie
name an article of clothing that is usually only worn by men	jacket
name an accessory that some people want in a designer brand.	purse
name an accessory that some people want in a designer brand.	watch
name an accessory that some people want in a designer brand.	belt
name an accessory that some people want in a designer brand.	sunglasses
name an accessory that some people want in a designer brand.	scarf
name an accessory that some people want in a designer brand.	jewelry
name a way to tell if you neighbors are home.	lights on
name a way to tell if you neighbors are home.	car in driveway
name a way to tell if you neighbors are home.	noice
name a way to tell if you neighbors are home.	knock on door
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	cell phone
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	tv
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	snacks/food
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	video games
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	computer
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	listening to music
name something a teen wouldnt be able to go without for a day	a loan
name something that might be ruined if it had a scratch on it.	cd/record
name something that might be ruined if it had a scratch on it.	furniture
name something that might be ruined if it had a scratch on it.	glasses/eyeglasses
name something that might be ruined if it had a scratch on it.	car
name something that might be ruined if it had a scratch on it.	mirror
name something that might be ruined if it had a scratch on it.	camera lense
name something a knight needs for a jousting match	horse
name something a knight needs for a jousting match	sword
name something a knight needs for a jousting match	armour
name something a knight needs for a jousting match	lance
name something a knight needs for a jousting match	shield
name an article of clothing that you'd only try on in front of someone with whom you're very comfortable.	bra
name an article of clothing that you'd only try on in front of someone with whom you're very comfortable.	underwear
name an article of clothing that you'd only try on in front of someone with whom you're very comfortable.	bathing suit
name an article of clothing that you'd only try on in front of someone with whom you're very comfortable.	jeans
name something youre better off spending a little more on so it lasts longer	car
name something youre better off spending a little more on so it lasts longer	clothes
name something youre better off spending a little more on so it lasts longer	tv
name something youre better off spending a little more on so it lasts longer	house
name something youre better off spending a little more on so it lasts longer	haircut
name something naughty that children do while at the store	steal
name something naughty that children do while at the store	cry/scream
name something naughty that children do while at the store	run off
name something naughty that children do while at the store	hide
name something a student has to do when running for class president	campaign
name something a student has to do when running for class president	give speeches
name something a student has to do when running for class president	make posters
name something a student has to do when running for class president	shake hands
name something a student has to do when running for class president	say hello
name something a student has to do when running for class president	draft platform
name something student's use in math class	calculator
name something student's use in math class	pencil
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereal	sugar
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereal	chocolate
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereal	syrup
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereal	salt
name a character from the lord of the rings	frodo
name a character from the lord of the rings	grandalf
name a character from the lord of the rings	gollum
name a character from the lord of the rings	legolas
name a character from the lord of the rings	aragorn
name a character from the lord of the rings	sam
name a character from the lord of the rings	gimli
name something the indians taught to the pilgrims.	farm corn
name something the indians taught to the pilgrims.	hunting
name something in your daily routine you could still do even if youre wearing a strait jacket	eat
name something in your daily routine you could still do even if youre wearing a strait jacket	sleeping
name something in your daily routine you could still do even if youre wearing a strait jacket	watch tv
name something in your daily routine you could still do even if youre wearing a strait jacket	talk
name something in your house that has to be changed from time to time	sheets
name something in your house that has to be changed from time to time	light bulb
name something in your house that has to be changed from time to time	air filter
name something in your house that has to be changed from time to time	batteries
name something in your house that has to be changed from time to time	furniture/decor
name a job, often depicted on tv, that you've dreamt of having yourself.	doctor
name a job, often depicted on tv, that you've dreamt of having yourself.	police officer
name a job, often depicted on tv, that you've dreamt of having yourself.	actor
name a job, often depicted on tv, that you've dreamt of having yourself.	lawyer
name a job, often depicted on tv, that you've dreamt of having yourself.	detective
name a job, often depicted on tv, that you've dreamt of having yourself.	model
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	magazines
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	news paper
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	soda
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	coffee
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	snacks
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	souvenir
name something you might buy at the airport while waiting for your flight to take off.	book
name a good gift for a high school graduate.	money
name a good gift for a high school graduate.	car
name a word grooms say theyll do at the alter but probably never say after the wedding	obey
name a word grooms say theyll do at the alter but probably never say after the wedding	love
name a word grooms say theyll do at the alter but probably never say after the wedding	cherish
name a word grooms say theyll do at the alter but probably never say after the wedding	honor
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	squid
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	sharks
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	whales
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	jellyfish
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	octopus
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	eel
name something that lives in the ocean that most people wouldnt eat	dolphins
name an animal that has rough skin.	snake
name an animal that has rough skin.	alligator/crocodile
name an animal that has rough skin.	elephant
name an animal that has rough skin.	turtle
name an animal that has rough skin.	lizard
name an animal that has rough skin.	frog/toad
name something people might put on cottage cheese	peaches
name something people might put on cottage cheese	pineapple
name something people might put on cottage cheese	oranges
name something people might put on cottage cheese	pepper
name something people might put on cottage cheese	blueberry
name something people might put on cottage cheese	salt
name something people might put on cottage cheese	jelly
name something in their home that an extremely organized person might alphabetize.	books
name something in their home that an extremely organized person might alphabetize.	movies
name something in their home that an extremely organized person might alphabetize.	food
name something in their home that an extremely organized person might alphabetize.	cds
name a less than tasty food you'd only eat if you were camping	beans
name a less than tasty food you'd only eat if you were camping	hot dog
name a less than tasty food you'd only eat if you were camping	fish
name a less than tasty food you'd only eat if you were camping	marshmellows
name a less than tasty food you'd only eat if you were camping	spam
name a less than tasty food you'd only eat if you were camping	beef jerky
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	hair
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	jeans
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	carpet
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	jacket
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	shoes
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	dog
name something that takes a long time to dry after it gets wet.(clothes is not an answer,be more specific.)	blanket
name something specific that a superhero would be useless without	flying
name something specific that a superhero would be useless without	costume
name something specific that a superhero would be useless without	super strength
name something specific that a superhero would be useless without	sidekick
name something specific that a superhero would be useless without	x ray vision
name an activity you might do while on a hawaiian honeymoon.	surf
name an activity you might do while on a hawaiian honeymoon.	swim
name an activity you might do while on a hawaiian honeymoon.	snorkel/scuba dive
name an activity you might do while on a hawaiian honeymoon.	hula dance
name an activity you might do while on a hawaiian honeymoon.	luau
name a game people play at picnics	tag
name a game people play at picnics	frisbee
name a game people play at picnics	volleyball
name a game people play at picnics	horseshoes
name a game people play at picnics	football
name a game people play at picnics	baseball
name a game people play at picnics	checkers/chess
name a job title someone might have in a big company.	ceo
name a job title someone might have in a big company.	president
name a job title someone might have in a big company.	vice president
name a job title someone might have in a big company.	supervisor
name a job title someone might have in a big company.	manager
name something specific you might borrow from your coworker's desk that you're least likely to return	pen/pencil
name something specific you might borrow from your coworker's desk that you're least likely to return	stapler
name something specific you might borrow from your coworker's desk that you're least likely to return	paperclip
name something specific you might borrow from your coworker's desk that you're least likely to return	tape
name something specific you might borrow from your coworker's desk that you're least likely to return	paper
name something specific you might borrow from your coworker's desk that you're least likely to return	candy
name something you buy to save money in the long run.	economical car
name something you buy to save money in the long run.	house/improvement
name something you buy to save money in the long run.	stocks/savings plan
name something you buy to save money in the long run.	washer/appliance
name something you buy to save money in the long run.	insurance
name something you buy to save money in the long run.	groceries
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	captain
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	food server
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	cook
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	housekeeper
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	bartender
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	lifeguard
name the most stressful job to have on a cruise ship	entertainer
name something people brag about.	kids
name something people brag about.	income
name something people brag about.	their job
name something people brag about.	bodies
name something people brag about.	their cars
name something people brag about.	sports ability
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	elephant
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	dog
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	pig
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	ant eater
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	cat
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	horse
name an animal you could recognize just by its nose	bear
name something you change on or in your car	oil
name something you change on or in your car	tires
name something you change on or in your car	radio station
name something you change on or in your car	brake pads
name something you change on or in your car	windshield wipers
name someone who knows a lot about you because its their job	doctor
name someone who knows a lot about you because its their job	parent
name someone who knows a lot about you because its their job	teacher
name someone who knows a lot about you because its their job	detective
name someone who knows a lot about you because its their job	irs auditor
name someone who knows a lot about you because its their job	psychiatrist
name a food or drink that makes a sound the first time its container is opened	soda
name a food or drink that makes a sound the first time its container is opened	beer
name a food or drink that makes a sound the first time its container is opened	chips
name a food or drink that makes a sound the first time its container is opened	wine
name a present you might give someone for their 18th birthday.	car
name a present you might give someone for their 18th birthday.	alcohol
name a present you might give someone for their 18th birthday.	jewelry
name a present you might give someone for their 18th birthday.	key
name a present you might give someone for their 18th birthday.	money
name a present you might give someone for their 18th birthday.	watch
name something that people get removed from their body	mole
name something that people get removed from their body	tattoos
name something that people get removed from their body	teeth
name something that people get removed from their body	tonsils
name something that people get removed from their body	warts
name something that people get removed from their body	hair
name something that people get removed from their body	appendix
name a feature you might have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller.	radio
name a feature you might have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller.	cruise control
name a school supply kids are always running out of.	pencils
name a school supply kids are always running out of.	pens
name a job title someone might have at a big company.	ceo
name a job title someone might have at a big company.	president
name something that might spoil a snow skiing trip.	no snow
name something that might spoil a snow skiing trip.	snow melts
name something that might spoil a snow skiing trip.	avalanche
name a time or event when you should not joke around.	funeral
name a time or event when you should not joke around.	wedding
name a time or event when you should not joke around.	church
name a time or event when you should not joke around.	court
name a tv soap opera that's been on for years.	days of our lives
name a tv soap opera that's been on for years.	young and restless
name something tropical.	fruit
name something tropical.	palm trees
name something tropical.	island
name something tropical.	rain forest
name a job so dangerous, you wouldn't want it.	police officer
name a job so dangerous, you wouldn't want it.	construction
name a job so dangerous, you wouldn't want it.	firefighter
name a job so dangerous, you wouldn't want it.	window washer
name a job so dangerous, you wouldn't want it.	airplane pilot
name something that comes in a can	vegetables
name something that comes in a can	canned fruit
name something that comes in a can	soda
name something that comes in a can	soup
name something that comes in a can	beer
name something that comes in a can	tuna
name a way people spoil their dogs.	bone
name a way people spoil their dogs.	feed table scraps
name a way people spoil their dogs.	treats
name a way people spoil their dogs.	feed too much
name a way people spoil their dogs.	sleep with them
name a way people spoil their dogs.	sweaters
name a way people spoil their dogs.	toys
name something a person might do after winning the lottery.	buy a house
name something a person might do after winning the lottery.	quit job
name something a person might do after winning the lottery.	scream
name something a person might do after winning the lottery.	go shopping
name something a person might do after winning the lottery.	celebrate
name something a person might do after winning the lottery.	buy car
name something you look forward to as you get older.	retiring
name something you look forward to as you get older.	social security
name something you look forward to as you get older.	grandchildren
name something you look forward to as you get older.	wisdom
name something you look forward to as you get older.	discounts
name something that may be too hot to touch.	stove
name something that may be too hot to touch.	fire
name something that may be too hot to touch.	pot
name something that may be too hot to touch.	iron
name something that may be too hot to touch.	person
name something that may be too hot to touch.	radiator
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	get out of bed
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	eat
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	talk
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	go to work
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	shower
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	clean
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	get dressed
name the one thing you just don't want to do first thing in the morning.	exercise
name a moving violation you might get ticketed for.	speeding
name a moving violation you might get ticketed for.	running a red light
name a moving violation you might get ticketed for.	running a stop sign
name a moving violation you might get ticketed for.	broken tail light
name something many houses smell like around the holidays.	pine tree
name something many houses smell like around the holidays.	cookies
name an animal that swims.	fish
name an animal that swims.	dolphin
name an animal that swims.	dog
name an animal that swims.	seal
name an animal that swims.	whale
name something specific people might take off before they go to bed.	clothing
name something specific people might take off before they go to bed.	slippers
name something specific people might take off before they go to bed.	glasses
name something specific people might take off before they go to bed.	watch
name something specific people might take off before they go to bed.	makeup
name something specific people might take off before they go to bed.	dentures
name something you might see a squirred doing with his nuts.	eating them
name something you might see a squirred doing with his nuts.	hide it
name something you might see a squirred doing with his nuts.	storing for winter
name something you might see a squirred doing with his nuts.	stuff in cheeks
name something strangers might talk about to break the ice.	weather
name something strangers might talk about to break the ice.	hometown
name something strangers might talk about to break the ice.	sports
name something strangers might talk about to break the ice.	work
name something strangers might talk about to break the ice.	children
name something people like to do around a campfire.	sing
name something people like to do around a campfire.	cook/eat
name something people like to do around a campfire.	tell stories/talk
name something people like to do around a campfire.	snuggle/sit
name a part of his body a skinny guy might want to exercise to build up.	chest
name a part of his body a skinny guy might want to exercise to build up.	arms
name an occupation whose members think that their time is more important than yours.	doctor
name an occupation whose members think that their time is more important than yours.	lawyer
name an occupation whose members think that their time is more important than yours.	banker
name an occupation whose members think that their time is more important than yours.	police officer
name something you have to go back to get if you leave home without it.	wallet
name something you have to go back to get if you leave home without it.	purse
name something you have to go back to get if you leave home without it.	mobile phone
name something you have to go back to get if you leave home without it.	keys
name something you have to go back to get if you leave home without it.	money
name something you have to go back to get if you leave home without it.	glasses
name something people do more of at christmas time.	shop
name something people do more of at christmas time.	eat
name something people do more of at christmas time.	visit family
name something people do more of at christmas time.	sing
name something people do more of at christmas time.	cook
name something people do more of at christmas time.	party
name something people skip	breakfast/meals
name something people skip	school/work
name something people skip	rope
name something people skip	stones
name something that moms say will cure any ailment.	chicken soup
name something that moms say will cure any ailment.	sleep
name something that moms say will cure any ailment.	her kiss
name something that moms say will cure any ailment.	garlic
name something that moms say will cure any ailment.	tea
name something that moms say will cure any ailment.	honey
name a reason you might not leave your house all day.	weather
name a reason you might not leave your house all day.	sick
name a reason you might not leave your house all day.	watch tv
name a reason you might not leave your house all day.	day off
name a reason you might not leave your house all day.	tired
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	bite your lips
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	hold breath
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	cover mouth
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	clench your teeth
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	cough
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	think something sad
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	bite their cheek
name something someone does to keep from laughing.	close mough tight
name something people do for luck.	carry a rabbits foot
name something people do for luck.	cross fingers
name something people do for luck.	prayers
name something people do for luck.	four-leaf clover
name something people do for luck.	knock on wood
name a dessert that might come in red, white, and blue.	cake
name a dessert that might come in red, white, and blue.	jello
name a dessert that might come in red, white, and blue.	ice cream
name a dessert that might come in red, white, and blue.	popsicles
name a dessert that might come in red, white, and blue.	cookies
name something that might ruin a good date.	bad weather
name something that might ruin a good date.	bad breath
name something that might ruin a good date.	no money
name something that might ruin a good date.	being late
name something that might ruin a good date.	rudeness
name something that might ruin a good date.	an ex
name something people do to avoid traffic.	alternate route
name something people do to avoid traffic.	public transit
name something people do to avoid traffic.	leave early
name something people do to avoid traffic.	walk
name something people do to avoid traffic.	stay home
name something people do to avoid traffic.	carpool
name an authority figure.	police officer
name an authority figure.	the president
name an authority figure.	parent
name an authority figure.	teacher
name an authority figure.	boss
name a place a cheap boss throws the office christmas party.	office
name a place a cheap boss throws the office christmas party.	cheap restaurant
name a place a cheap boss throws the office christmas party.	at his home
name a place a cheap boss throws the office christmas party.	veteran's hall
name something a child can do to earn money.	lemonade stand
name something a child can do to earn money.	mow lawn
name something a child can do to earn money.	chores
name something a child can do to earn money.	paper route
name something a child can do to earn money.	babysitting
name something in your kitchen you would hate to have break before your dinner party.	stove
name something in your kitchen you would hate to have break before your dinner party.	dishwasher
name something in your kitchen you would hate to have break before your dinner party.	plates
name something in your kitchen you would hate to have break before your dinner party.	glasses
name something in your kitchen you would hate to have break before your dinner party.	refrigerator
name something in your kitchen you would hate to have break before your dinner party.	table
name an unusual pet you would expect a hollywood star to own.	monkeys
name an unusual pet you would expect a hollywood star to own.	tiger
name an unusual pet you would expect a hollywood star to own.	snakes
name an unusual pet you would expect a hollywood star to own.	lions
name an unusual pet you would expect a hollywood star to own.	pigs
name an unusual pet you would expect a hollywood star to own.	alligator
name a place you might find your cat hiding.	under the bed
name a place you might find your cat hiding.	under the couch
name a place you might find your cat hiding.	closets
name a place you might find your cat hiding.	up a tree
name a place you might find your cat hiding.	paper bags
name something a mother of eight kids needs a lot of.	patience
name something a mother of eight kids needs a lot of.	money
name something a mother of eight kids needs a lot of.	food/groceries
name something a mother of eight kids needs a lot of.	sleep
name something a mother of eight kids needs a lot of.	help/support
name something a mother of eight kids needs a lot of.	love
name something people compete with each other for.	money/prizes
name something people compete with each other for.	love/mate
name something people compete with each other for.	job/promotion
name something people compete with each other for.	attention
name something that begins with "first and ____".	foremost
name something that begins with "first and ____".	last
name something that begins with "first and ____".	ten
name something that begins with "first and ____".	second
name something that begins with "first and ____".	goal
name someone who can tell you good news and bad news.	newscaster
name someone who can tell you good news and bad news.	doctor
name someone who can tell you good news and bad news.	spouse
name someone who can tell you good news and bad news.	mother
name someone who can tell you good news and bad news.	sister
name someone who can tell you good news and bad news.	friend
name something a woman might ask her husband to get rid of once they have kids.	motorcycle
name something a woman might ask her husband to get rid of once they have kids.	dog
name something a woman might ask her husband to get rid of once they have kids.	girly magazines
name something a woman might ask her husband to get rid of once they have kids.	gun
name something a woman might ask her husband to get rid of once they have kids.	sports car
name something a woman might ask her husband to get rid of once they have kids.	smoking habit
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	good kids
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	money
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	nanny
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	nice car
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	loving family
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	big house
name something some parents have that makes other parents jealous.	patience
name something you think of when you think of japan.	sushi
name something you think of when you think of japan.	geisha
name something you think of when you think of japan.	world war two
name something you think of when you think of japan.	electronics
name something you think of when you think of japan.	cars
name something you think of when you think of japan.	godzilla
name a place that a college student would be most surprised to see their grandparent.	bar/club
name a place that a college student would be most surprised to see their grandparent.	party
name a place that a college student would be most surprised to see their grandparent.	class
name a cartoon you watched as a kid.	bugs bunny
name a cartoon you watched as a kid.	tom and jerry
name a cartoon you watched as a kid.	looney tunes
name a cartoon you watched as a kid.	scooby-doo
name a cartoon you watched as a kid.	flintstones
name a cartoon you watched as a kid.	spongebob
name something that people keep spares of:	tires
name something that people keep spares of:	light bulbs
name something that people keep spares of:	batteries
name something that people keep spares of:	keys
name something that people keep spares of:	nylons
name something that people keep spares of:	toilet paper
name something that people keep spares of:	fuses
name a tv show you might go on if you're having relationship problems.	oprah
name a tv show you might go on if you're having relationship problems.	jerry springer
name a tv show you might go on if you're having relationship problems.	dr. phil
name a brand of deodorant.	secret
name a brand of deodorant.	degree
name a brand of deodorant.	dove
name a brand of deodorant.	old spice
name a brand of deodorant.	sure
name something a person wishes he could fit into his cubicle at work.	television
name something a person wishes he could fit into his cubicle at work.	bed
name something a person wishes he could fit into his cubicle at work.	refrigerator
name something a person wishes he could fit into his cubicle at work.	lounge chair
name something a person wishes he could fit into his cubicle at work.	vending machine
name something a person wishes he could fit into his cubicle at work.	couch
name something you must be legally old enough to do.	drink
name something you must be legally old enough to do.	drive
name something you must be legally old enough to do.	gamble
name something you must be legally old enough to do.	get married
name something you must be legally old enough to do.	vote
name something cats like.	catnip
name something cats like.	mice
name something cats like.	milk
name something cats like.	cat food
name something cats like.	yarn
name a person people talk to in confidence.	clergy
name a person people talk to in confidence.	priest
name a person people talk to in confidence.	friend
name a person people talk to in confidence.	doctor
name a person people talk to in confidence.	parents
name a person people talk to in confidence.	spouse
name something people have second thought about after they decide to do it.	getting married
name something people have second thought about after they decide to do it.	buying a house
name something people have second thought about after they decide to do it.	having a fling
name something people have second thought about after they decide to do it.	buying a car
name a kind of target kids try to hit with snowballs.	other kids/people
name a kind of target kids try to hit with snowballs.	cars
name a kind of target kids try to hit with snowballs.	buses
name a kind of target kids try to hit with snowballs.	windows
name a kind of target kids try to hit with snowballs.	street signs
name a kind of target kids try to hit with snowballs.	snowman
name something people fall out of.	love
name something people fall out of.	bed
name something people fall out of.	chair/seat
name something people fall out of.	airplane
name something people fall out of.	car
name something people fall out of.	boat
name a food that stains your teeth.	coffee
name a food that stains your teeth.	smoking
name a food that stains your teeth.	tea
name a food that stains your teeth.	wine
name a food that stains your teeth.	blueberries
name a baseball player known for hitting home runs.	babe ruth
name a baseball player known for hitting home runs.	hank aaron
name a baseball player known for hitting home runs.	barry bonds
name a baseball player known for hitting home runs.	willie mays
name a baseball player known for hitting home runs.	mickey mantle
name a baseball player known for hitting home runs.	ted williams
name something people check as soon as they wake up.	time/alarm
name something people check as soon as they wake up.	kids/baby
name something people check as soon as they wake up.	weather
name something people check as soon as they wake up.	phone/voicemail
name a game people might play in their living rooms.	monopoly
name a game people might play in their living rooms.	charades
name a game people might play in their living rooms.	twister
name a game people might play in their living rooms.	video games
name a game people might play in their living rooms.	card games
name a game people might play in their living rooms.	scrabble
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	therapist
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	psychiatrist
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	shrink
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	analyst
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	alienist
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	guidance counselor
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	nurse
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	clergy
name an occupation where you hear a lot of people's problems.	lawyer
name something in your house that children are not allowed to touch.	stove
name something in your house that children are not allowed to touch.	knives
name something in your house that children are not allowed to touch.	guns
name something in your house that children are not allowed to touch.	computer
name something in your house that children are not allowed to touch.	fine china
name something in your house that children are not allowed to touch.	television
name something you climb.	trees
name something you climb.	mountains
name something you climb.	ladders
name something you climb.	stairs
name something you climb.	rocks
name something that might have a knot in it.	rope
name something that might have a knot in it.	hair
name something that might have a knot in it.	shoe
name something that might have a knot in it.	string
name something that might have a knot in it.	neck
name something that might have a knot in it.	pretzel
name a soft drink.	coca cola
name a soft drink.	pepsi
name a soft drink.	sprite
name a soft drink.	dr. pepper
name a soft drink.	mountain dew
name a way children submit their wish list to santa.	mail
name a way children submit their wish list to santa.	email
name a way children submit their wish list to santa.	pray
past or present, name a famous joan.	joan rivers
past or present, name a famous joan.	joan of arc
past or present, name a famous joan.	joan crawford
past or present, name a famous joan.	joan collins
something you have that makes you feel more secure.	money
something you have that makes you feel more secure.	alarm sys./locks
something you have that makes you feel more secure.	home/apartment
something you have that makes you feel more secure.	family/spouse
something you have that makes you feel more secure.	gun/weapon
something you have that makes you feel more secure.	dog
tell me an invention that probably led to people having much less spare time	tv
tell me an invention that probably led to people having much less spare time	computer
tell me an invention that probably led to people having much less spare time	telephone
tell me an invention that probably led to people having much less spare time	car
tell me something about santa clause that would give you the creeps if you'd never heard of him.	long beard
tell me something about santa clause that would give you the creeps if you'd never heard of him.	comes down chimney
tell me something about santa clause that would give you the creeps if you'd never heard of him.	sitting on his lap
tell me something about santa clause that would give you the creeps if you'd never heard of him.	employs elves
tell me something you might find in a bankrobber's suitcase.	money
tell me something you might find in a bankrobber's suitcase.	weapon
tell me something you might find in a bankrobber's suitcase.	mask
tell me something you might find in a bankrobber's suitcase.	flashlight
tell me an expression that contains the word "sweat".	equity
tell me an expression that contains the word "sweat".	no sweat
tell me an expression that contains the word "sweat".	blood, sweat, and tears
tell me an expression that contains the word "sweat".	like a pig
tell me an expression that contains the word "sweat".	don't sweat
tell me an expression that contains the word "sweat".	off my brow
tell me something you might to win over your in-laws.	cook nice meals
tell me something you might to win over your in-laws.	gift cards
tell me something you might to win over your in-laws.	manners
tell me something you might to win over your in-laws.	grandchildren
tell me something a husband is afraid to admit to his spouse.	affairs
tell me something a husband is afraid to admit to his spouse.	losing job
tell me something a husband is afraid to admit to his spouse.	broke
tell me something a husband is afraid to admit to his spouse.	admit they're wrong
tell me something a husband is afraid to admit to his spouse.	they're scared
tell me a day that you hate going to the mall.	saturday
tell me a day that you hate going to the mall.	black friday
tell me a day that you hate going to the mall.	christmas
tell me a day that you hate going to the mall.	sunday
which actor do you think gets the most love letters?	brad pitt
which actor do you think gets the most love letters?	tom cruise
which actor do you think gets the most love letters?	geoge clooney
which actor do you think gets the most love letters?	zac efron
which actor do you think gets the most love letters?	mel gibson
which type of creatures is often the villain in fairy tales?	wolf
which type of creatures is often the villain in fairy tales?	ogre
which type of creatures is often the villain in fairy tales?	dragon
which type of creatures is often the villain in fairy tales?	witch
which type of creatures is often the villain in fairy tales?	monster
what would you hear on the radio that would make you turn the station	commercial
what would you hear on the radio that would make you turn the station	news
what would you hear on the radio that would make you turn the station	bad songs
what would you hear on the radio that would make you turn the station	static
what would you hear on the radio that would make you turn the station	cursing
which circus or sideshow performer had better have a good insurance policy	lion tamer
which circus or sideshow performer had better have a good insurance policy	trapeze artist
which circus or sideshow performer had better have a good insurance policy	tightrope walker
which circus or sideshow performer had better have a good insurance policy	fire eater
which circus or sideshow performer had better have a good insurance policy	sword swallower
what might a rock star do at a concert hall that prevents him form getting hired again	trash the place
what might a rock star do at a concert hall that prevents him form getting hired again	drink to much
what might a rock star do at a concert hall that prevents him form getting hired again	swear
what might a rock star do at a concert hall that prevents him form getting hired again	strip
what might a rock star do at a concert hall that prevents him form getting hired again	not show up
what might a rock star do at a concert hall that prevents him form getting hired again	start a fire
where do people go after they leave church service?	home
where do people go after they leave church service?	out to eat
where do people go after they leave church service?	shopping
where do people go after they leave church service?	friend's/relatives house
what might you see in a personals ad that makes you think it was placed by a barbie doll	lookin for my ken
what might you see in a personals ad that makes you think it was placed by a barbie doll	plastic
what might you see in a personals ad that makes you think it was placed by a barbie doll	blonde hair
what might you see in a personals ad that makes you think it was placed by a barbie doll	measurements
what might you see in a personals ad that makes you think it was placed by a barbie doll	spelling errors
which subject would be taboo for the best man to bring up in his wedding toast.	couple's love life
which subject would be taboo for the best man to bring up in his wedding toast.	bachelor party
we surveyed 100 married women...your husband may not have a girlfriend, but i bet he has a love affair with something. what is it?	his sports
we surveyed 100 married women...your husband may not have a girlfriend, but i bet he has a love affair with something. what is it?	his car
we surveyed 100 married women...your husband may not have a girlfriend, but i bet he has a love affair with something. what is it?	computer/games
we surveyed 100 married women...your husband may not have a girlfriend, but i bet he has a love affair with something. what is it?	his dog/pet
we surveyed 100 married women...your husband may not have a girlfriend, but i bet he has a love affair with something. what is it?	his job
we surveyed 100 married women...your husband may not have a girlfriend, but i bet he has a love affair with something. what is it?	his food
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific women think they know more about than men.	cooking
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific women think they know more about than men.	cleaning
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific women think they know more about than men.	raising children
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific women think they know more about than men.	finances
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific women think they know more about than men.	love/relationship
without speaking, tell me a way people say thank you.	nod
without speaking, tell me a way people say thank you.	hug
without speaking, tell me a way people say thank you.	shake hands
without speaking, tell me a way people say thank you.	smile
without speaking, tell me a way people say thank you.	flower
what might a man tell his girlfriend that he's waiting for before proposing marriage?	new job/promotion
what might a man tell his girlfriend that he's waiting for before proposing marriage?	own a house
what might a man tell his girlfriend that he's waiting for before proposing marriage?	parent's blessing
what might a man tell his girlfriend that he's waiting for before proposing marriage?	saved enough money
what might a man tell his girlfriend that he's waiting for before proposing marriage?	really in love
what might a man tell his girlfriend that he's waiting for before proposing marriage?	the right time
which u.s. president gave the best speeches?	john f. kennedy
which u.s. president gave the best speeches?	bill clinton
which u.s. president gave the best speeches?	barack obama
which u.s. president gave the best speeches?	ronald reagan
which u.s. president gave the best speeches?	abraham lincoln
which u.s. president gave the best speeches?	franklin roosevelt
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	cologne
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	boxers/thong
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	nothing
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	suit
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	muscle shirt/tank
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	music
we surveyed 100 men...name something you put on to be sexy.	glasses/shades
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	michael jackson
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	joan rivers
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	elizabeth taylor
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	cher
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	pamela anderson
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	phyllis diller
which celebrity wins the award for most plastic surgeries?	janet jackson
according to men: what does george clooney have that you don't?	money
according to men: what does george clooney have that you don't?	fame
before a parttime job name a way that kids earn money	chores
before a parttime job name a way that kids earn money	babysitting
before a parttime job name a way that kids earn money	paper route
before a parttime job name a way that kids earn money	mow lawns
before a parttime job name a way that kids earn money	lemonade stand
besides a hospital, name another place a nurse might get a job.	convalescent home
besides a hospital, name another place a nurse might get a job.	clinic
besides asking for a raise, tell us something else people ask their bosses for.	vacation
besides asking for a raise, tell us something else people ask their bosses for.	promotion
besides asking for a raise, tell us something else people ask their bosses for.	benefits
besides asking for a raise, tell us something else people ask their bosses for.	bigger office
besides asking for a raise, tell us something else people ask their bosses for.	over time
besides asking for a raise, tell us something else people ask their bosses for.	respect
for what specific reason might you avoid mistletoe?	bad breath
for what specific reason might you avoid mistletoe?	nobody to kiss
for what specific reason might you avoid mistletoe?	sick
for what specific reason might you avoid mistletoe?	shy
give us a question you do not like to be asked.	how old are you?
give us a question you do not like to be asked.	how much weigh?
give us a question you do not like to be asked.	how much income?
give us a question you do not like to be asked.	gay or straight?
give us a question you do not like to be asked.	are you married?
instead of magazines name something you wish your dentists waiting room had	tv
instead of magazines name something you wish your dentists waiting room had	video games
instead of magazines name something you wish your dentists waiting room had	toys
instead of magazines name something you wish your dentists waiting room had	books
instead of magazines name something you wish your dentists waiting room had	snacks
instead of magazines name something you wish your dentists waiting room had	music
if you were stranded on a tropical island, name something you might have to eat.	coconuts
if you were stranded on a tropical island, name something you might have to eat.	seafood
if you were stranded on a tropical island, name something you might have to eat.	bananas
if you were stranded on a tropical island, name something you might have to eat.	pineapples
if you were stranded on a tropical island, name something you might have to eat.	bugs
if you were stranded on a tropical island, name something you might have to eat.	berries
if you were invited to speak at a roast for arnold schwarzenegger, name something about him you might make fun of.	accent
if you were invited to speak at a roast for arnold schwarzenegger, name something about him you might make fun of.	muscles
in summer, name something people like to do under a shady tree.	sleep/rest
in summer, name something people like to do under a shady tree.	read
in summer, name something people like to do under a shady tree.	picnic/drink
in summer, name something people like to do under a shady tree.	kiss/make love
if you lost your sense of smell, what smell would you miss most?	food
if you lost your sense of smell, what smell would you miss most?	flowers
if you lost your sense of smell, what smell would you miss most?	perfume
if you lost your sense of smell, what smell would you miss most?	coffee
name something that annoys you when you ride the bus	talking
name something that annoys you when you ride the bus	crowded
name a food that you rinse off of a dish immediately or it becomes hard as a rock	egg
name a food that you rinse off of a dish immediately or it becomes hard as a rock	cheese sauce
name a food that you rinse off of a dish immediately or it becomes hard as a rock	pasta
name a food that you rinse off of a dish immediately or it becomes hard as a rock	mashed potatoes
name a food that you rinse off of a dish immediately or it becomes hard as a rock	oatmeal/cereal
name something kids do with bad test papers	throw away
name something kids do with bad test papers	hide them
name something kids do with bad test papers	burn them
name something kids do with bad test papers	change grade
name something kids do with bad test papers	rip them
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult be specific	algebra
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult be specific	english
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult be specific	calculus
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult be specific	chemistry
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult be specific	geometry
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult be specific	physics
name something every newlywed hopes their mother-in-law will be like	quiet
name something every newlywed hopes their mother-in-law will be like	good cook
name something every newlywed hopes their mother-in-law will be like	not nosey
name something every newlywed hopes their mother-in-law will be like	lives far away
name something every newlywed hopes their mother-in-law will be like	nie
name something that often has magical powers in fairy tales	wand
name something that often has magical powers in fairy tales	witch
name something that often has magical powers in fairy tales	fairy godmother
name something that often has magical powers in fairy tales	wizard
name something that often has magical powers in fairy tales	fairy dust
name something that often has magical powers in fairy tales	broom
name something cindy crawford is known for	mole
name something cindy crawford is known for	modeling
name something cindy crawford is known for	beauty
name something cindy crawford is known for	aerobics
name something cindy crawford is known for	body
name something you're more likely to see in australia than elsewhere.	kangaroo
name something you're more likely to see in australia than elsewhere.	koala
name something you're more likely to see in australia than elsewhere.	dingo
name something you're more likely to see in australia than elsewhere.	desert
name an occasion or place where you would not admit that you don't like the food.	wedding
name an occasion or place where you would not admit that you don't like the food.	family dinner
name an occasion or place where you would not admit that you don't like the food.	birthday party
name an occasion or place where you would not admit that you don't like the food.	on a date
name an occasion or place where you would not admit that you don't like the food.	church picnic
name something you avoid doing though you feel better after its done	cleaning
name something you avoid doing though you feel better after its done	exercise
name something you avoid doing though you feel better after its done	shower
name something you avoid doing though you feel better after its done	laundry
name something you avoid doing though you feel better after its done	pay bills
name a game that a barfly would be a little too good at	darts
name a game that a barfly would be a little too good at	billiards
name a game that a barfly would be a little too good at	poker
name a game that a barfly would be a little too good at	foosball
name a game that a barfly would be a little too good at	trivia
name a reason you'd write a check instead of using cash or a credit card.	no cash/credit
name a reason you'd write a check instead of using cash or a credit card.	using mail
name a reason you'd write a check instead of using cash or a credit card.	to keep records
name a reason you'd write a check instead of using cash or a credit card.	post dated
name a state people visit during the winter.	florida
name a state people visit during the winter.	california
name a state people visit during the winter.	colorado
name a state people visit during the winter.	hawaii
name a state people visit during the winter.	new york
name a state people visit during the winter.	alaska
name something people do with their dogs that they don't do with a pet goldfish.	walk
name something people do with their dogs that they don't do with a pet goldfish.	pet
name something people do with their dogs that they don't do with a pet goldfish.	play fetch
name something people do with their dogs that they don't do with a pet goldfish.	groom
name something people do with their dogs that they don't do with a pet goldfish.	bathe
name a reason you might take your child out of a movie	bad language
name a reason you might take your child out of a movie	crying during movie
name a reason you might take your child out of a movie	violence
name a reason you might take your child out of a movie	sex scene
name a reason you might take your child out of a movie	talking
name a reason you might take your child out of a movie	got sick
name a halloween costume that is a complete misrepresentation of the occupation it portrays.	nurse
name a halloween costume that is a complete misrepresentation of the occupation it portrays.	doctor
name a halloween costume that is a complete misrepresentation of the occupation it portrays.	housekeeper
name a halloween costume that is a complete misrepresentation of the occupation it portrays.	cop
name something youd find in a hospital waiting room	magazines
name something youd find in a hospital waiting room	tv
name something youd find in a hospital waiting room	pay phone
name something youd find in a hospital waiting room	chair
name something youd find in a hospital waiting room	people
name a fruit you often find on or in pancakes	blueberries
name a fruit you often find on or in pancakes	strawberries
name a fruit you often find on or in pancakes	bananas
name a fruit you often find on or in pancakes	apples
name something that can be romantic to ride on with a partner	horse
name something that can be romantic to ride on with a partner	carriage
name something that can be romantic to ride on with a partner	motorcycle
name something that can be romantic to ride on with a partner	boat
name something that can be romantic to ride on with a partner	ferris wheel
name something that can be romantic to ride on with a partner	bicycle
name a reason why a teen might swear off love.	broken heart
name a reason why a teen might swear off love.	too young
name a reason why a teen might swear off love.	scared of it
name a reason why a teen might swear off love.	parents foebid it
name something distracting that you shouldn't take with you on a date.	cell phone
name something distracting that you shouldn't take with you on a date.	another person
name something distracting that you shouldn't take with you on a date.	ipod
name something distracting that you shouldn't take with you on a date.	pet
name a place youd get a dirty look for falling asleep	place of worship
name a place youd get a dirty look for falling asleep	work
name a place youd get a dirty look for falling asleep	school
name a place youd get a dirty look for falling asleep	public transit
name a place youd get a dirty look for falling asleep	theater
name something it might be ok to lie to a partner about in order to spare their feelings	how they look
name something it might be ok to lie to a partner about in order to spare their feelings	being faithful
name something it might be ok to lie to a partner about in order to spare their feelings	satisfaction in bed
name something it might be ok to lie to a partner about in order to spare their feelings	ex
name something kids might try to get away with at a sleepover	staying up late
name something kids might try to get away with at a sleepover	sneaking out
name something kids might try to get away with at a sleepover	eating junk food
name something kids might try to get away with at a sleepover	drinking
name something that might take place in a large tent.	circus
name something that might take place in a large tent.	party
name something that might take place in a large tent.	wedding
name something that might take place in a large tent.	church
name something that might take place in a large tent.	camping
name something you imagine you'd see all over if you went to australia	kangaroos
name something you imagine you'd see all over if you went to australia	ocean
name something you imagine you'd see all over if you went to australia	koalas
name something you imagine you'd see all over if you went to australia	sand beaches
name something that every family does immediately when they win family feud	scream
name something that every family does immediately when they win family feud	jump
name something that every family does immediately when they win family feud	hug
name something that every family does immediately when they win family feud	clap
name something that a game show host and a good teacher have in common	good speaker
name something that a game show host and a good teacher have in common	smart
name something that a game show host and a good teacher have in common	sense of humor
name something that a game show host and a good teacher have in common	personality
name something that a game show host and a good teacher have in common	patience
name something you might change when moving into a new house.	paint/wallpaper
name something you might change when moving into a new house.	carpet
name something you might change when moving into a new house.	contact information
name something you might change when moving into a new house.	locks
name something you might change when moving into a new house.	curtains
name a gift that a new mom is bound to get duplicates of at a baby shower	diapers
name a gift that a new mom is bound to get duplicates of at a baby shower	clothes
name a gift that a new mom is bound to get duplicates of at a baby shower	blankets
name a gift that a new mom is bound to get duplicates of at a baby shower	bottles
name a gift that a new mom is bound to get duplicates of at a baby shower	bibs
name a gift that a new mom is bound to get duplicates of at a baby shower	diaper bag
name something you only consume when you go to a fast food restaurant.	french fries
name something you only consume when you go to a fast food restaurant.	burger
name something you only consume when you go to a fast food restaurant.	milkshake
name something you only consume when you go to a fast food restaurant.	chicken nuggets
name something a firefighter needs a lot of	water
name something a firefighter needs a lot of	strength
name something a firefighter needs a lot of	rest
name something a firefighter needs a lot of	ladders
name something a firefighter needs a lot of	air
name something teenagers stress out about.	school
name something teenagers stress out about.	acne/looks
name something teenagers stress out about.	dating
name something teenagers stress out about.	friends/clique
name something teenagers stress out about.	parents/rules
name something puppets are unable to do on their own	talk
name something puppets are unable to do on their own	walk
name something puppets are unable to do on their own	dance
name something puppets are unable to do on their own	sing
name something puppets are unable to do on their own	stand
name something puppets are unable to do on their own	smile
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	smile
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	laugh
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	talk
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	hide
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	wave
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	pose/show off
name something you do more of when someones taking a home video of you	act silly
name an alcoholic beverage that's also a woman's name	(bloody) mary
name an alcoholic beverage that's also a woman's name	sherry
name an alcoholic beverage that's also a woman's name	brandy
name an alcoholic beverage that's also a woman's name	margarita
name something you have to get a picture with during a vacation to los angeles.	hollywood sign
name something you have to get a picture with during a vacation to los angeles.	beach
name something you have to get a picture with during a vacation to los angeles.	mickey mouse
name something you have to get a picture with during a vacation to los angeles.	celebrity
name something that people try to avoid doing in an elevator.	pass gas
name something that people try to avoid doing in an elevator.	talking
name something you'd hate to get in your hair.	gum
name something you'd hate to get in your hair.	bird poop
name a state that has lots of people.	new york
name a state that has lots of people.	california
name a vehicle where passengers can also stand while riding	bus
name a vehicle where passengers can also stand while riding	subway
name a type of vehicle that you would ride in the back	limousine
name a type of vehicle that you would ride in the back	taxi
name a reason a stuffed animal might be better than a real pet.	does not eat
name a reason a stuffed animal might be better than a real pet.	no clean up
name a reason a stuffed animal might be better than a real pet.	can't bite
name a reason a stuffed animal might be better than a real pet.	no maintenance
name a reason a stuffed animal might be better than a real pet.	no potty problems
name a reason a stuffed animal might be better than a real pet.	take anywhere
name something that makes you itch.	poison ivy
name something that makes you itch.	insect bites
name something that makes you itch.	grass
name something you shouldn't do while you're driving	drink
name something you shouldn't do while you're driving	text
name something most answering machine's greetings tell you.	leave a message
name something most answering machine's greetings tell you.	leave name
name something cats have that people do not.	tails
name something cats have that people do not.	whiskers
name something that scares people.	ghosts
name something that scares people.	spiders
name something that scares people.	snakes
name something that scares people.	the dark
name something that scares people.	clowns
name something that scares people.	monsters
name something that scares people.	death
name something you might eat for breakfast.	eggs
name something you might eat for breakfast.	cereal
name something you might eat for breakfast.	toast
name something you might eat for breakfast.	pancakes
name something you might eat for breakfast.	strips of bacon
name something you don't mind asking a complete stranger for.	for directions
name something you don't mind asking a complete stranger for.	for the time
name something you don't mind asking a complete stranger for.	money/change
name something you don't mind asking a complete stranger for.	for a cigarette
name something you don't mind asking a complete stranger for.	for a light
name something you don't mind asking a complete stranger for.	jump-start car
name something babies throw out of the crib.	rattle
name something babies throw out of the crib.	bottle
name something babies throw out of the crib.	pacifier
name something babies throw out of the crib.	blanket
name something babies throw out of the crib.	pillow
name something kids love to jump on.	bed
name something kids love to jump on.	trampoline
name a reason why a spouse might end up spending the night on the couch.	argument
name a reason why a spouse might end up spending the night on the couch.	tired/fell asleep
name a reason why a spouse might end up spending the night on the couch.	snoring
name a reason why a spouse might end up spending the night on the couch.	came home late
name a reason why a spouse might end up spending the night on the couch.	drunk
name a reason why a spouse might end up spending the night on the couch.	sick
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	old clothes/shoes
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	pet/animal
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	trash
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	mistress
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	magazine/books
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	adult videos
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	car/convertible
name something a wife tells her husband to get rid of.	bad attitude
name an animal that has a bushy tail.	squirrel
name an animal that has a bushy tail.	rabbit
name an animal that has a bushy tail.	racoon
name an animal that has a bushy tail.	fox
name an animal that has a bushy tail.	dog
name an animal that has a bushy tail.	cat
name something some people can sleep through and others wake up immediately.	thunderstorm
name something some people can sleep through and others wake up immediately.	alarm clock/alarm
name something some people can sleep through and others wake up immediately.	television
name something some people can sleep through and others wake up immediately.	loud music
name something some people can sleep through and others wake up immediately.	sirens
name something some people can sleep through and others wake up immediately.	nightmare
name an animal with four letters in its name.	lion
name an animal with four letters in its name.	bear
name an animal with four letters in its name.	fish
name an animal with four letters in its name.	bird
name an animal with four letters in its name.	frog
name a time your face might turn red.	embarrassed
name a time your face might turn red.	angry
name a time your face might turn red.	sunburnt
name a time your face might turn red.	nervous
name a time your face might turn red.	cold
name a time your face might turn red.	hot
name something people enjoy watching grow.	plants
name something people enjoy watching grow.	children
name a subject regis and kelly spend every day yakking about.	celebrities
name a subject regis and kelly spend every day yakking about.	their families
name a subject regis and kelly spend every day yakking about.	news
name a subject regis and kelly spend every day yakking about.	gelman
name a subject regis and kelly spend every day yakking about.	restaurants
name a subject regis and kelly spend every day yakking about.	weather
name something a really dumb bank robber might leave behind.	wallet with i.d.
name something a really dumb bank robber might leave behind.	fingerprints
name something a really dumb bank robber might leave behind.	stolen money
name something a really dumb bank robber might leave behind.	glove
name something a really dumb bank robber might leave behind.	surveillance pic.
name something a really dumb bank robber might leave behind.	gun/weapon
name an actor or actress known for having a big mouth.	joan rivers
name an actor or actress known for having a big mouth.	julia roberts
name an actor or actress known for having a big mouth.	mick jagger
name an actor or actress known for having a big mouth.	jim carrey
name an actor or actress known for having a big mouth.	rosie o'donnell
name a way people get around in new york city.	taxi
name a way people get around in new york city.	subway
name something that happened to snow white.	ate poison apple
name something that happened to snow white.	lived with 7 dwarfs
name something that happened to snow white.	fell asleep
name something that happened to snow white.	kissed by a prince
name something that happened to snow white.	happily ever after
name something that kids don't take very good care of.	toys
name something that kids don't take very good care of.	clothes
name something that kids don't take very good care of.	teeth
name something that kids don't take very good care of.	pets
name something that kids don't take very good care of.	bedroom
name something that kids don't take very good care of.	bicycle
name something people lose that can ruin a vacation.	money/wallet
name something people lose that can ruin a vacation.	luggage
name something people lose that can ruin a vacation.	tickets
name something people lose that can ruin a vacation.	car keys
name something a liberated woman might resent having a man do for her.	open doors
name something a liberated woman might resent having a man do for her.	pay
name something you always lose on vacation.	money
name something you always lose on vacation.	accessories
name something you always lose on vacation.	clothes
name something you always lose on vacation.	luggage
name something you always lose on vacation.	wallet
name something you always lose on vacation.	keys
name something you always lose on vacation.	camera
name a hollywood tough guy.	sylvester stallone
name a hollywood tough guy.	arnold schwarzene..
name a hollywood tough guy.	vin diesel
name a hollywood tough guy.	bruce willis
name a hollywood tough guy.	the rock
name something a bird does.	flight
name something a bird does.	chirp
name something a bird does.	eat
name something a bird does.	poop
name an animal a human could outrun.	turtles
name an animal a human could outrun.	snails
name an animal a human could outrun.	dogs
name an animal a human could outrun.	chickens
name an animal a human could outrun.	sloths
name a bird that makes a lot of noise.	parrot/parakeet
name a bird that makes a lot of noise.	woodpecker
name a bird that makes a lot of noise.	mockingbird
name a bird that makes a lot of noise.	crow
name a bird that makes a lot of noise.	seagull
name a bird that makes a lot of noise.	owl
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	fiction
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	romance
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	mystery
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	nonfiction
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	horror
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	drama
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	self help
name a section you might find in a bookstore.	history
name a halloween movie people like to watch.	halloween
name a halloween movie people like to watch.	friday the 13th
name a halloween movie people like to watch.	hocus pocus
name a halloween movie people like to watch.	nightmare on elm street
name a halloween movie people like to watch.	scream
name something that might wash up on a beach.	sea shell
name something that might wash up on a beach.	dead fish
name something that might wash up on a beach.	whale
name something that might wash up on a beach.	bottle
name something that might wash up on a beach.	seaweed
name something that might wash up on a beach.	drift wood
name something flammable.	gasoline
name something flammable.	wood
name something flammable.	hairspray
name something flammable.	matches
name something flammable.	paper
name a part of the job that a flight attendant must get sick of.	flying/turbulence
name a part of the job that a flight attendant must get sick of.	serving food/drinks
name a part of the job that a flight attendant must get sick of.	passengers
name a part of the job that a flight attendant must get sick of.	smiling
name a part of the job that a flight attendant must get sick of.	on feet all day
name a part of the job that a flight attendant must get sick of.	being out of town
name a place with lots of volcanos	united states
name a place with lots of volcanos	japan
name a place with lots of volcanos	italy
name a place with lots of volcanos	china
name a place with lots of volcanos	mexico
name a place with lots of volcanos	philippines
name a reason why you might stay up all night.	sick
name a reason why you might stay up all night.	insomnia
name a reason why you might stay up all night.	working
name a reason why you might stay up all night.	studying
name a reason why you might stay up all night.	party
name a reason why someone might go a whole day without eating.	fasting
name a reason why someone might go a whole day without eating.	sick
name a reason why someone might go a whole day without eating.	dieting
name a reason why someone might go a whole day without eating.	busy
name a reason why someone might go a whole day without eating.	depressed/stress
name something you'd wear if you wanted to dress up like a rapper for halloween.	baggy pants
name something you'd wear if you wanted to dress up like a rapper for halloween.	chains
name something you'd wear if you wanted to dress up like a rapper for halloween.	sunglasses
name something you'd wear if you wanted to dress up like a rapper for halloween.	cap
name something you'd wear if you wanted to dress up like a rapper for halloween.	earrings
name something men and bears have in common.	hairy
name something men and bears have in common.	like to sleep
name something men and bears have in common.	snoring
name something men and bears have in common.	kill/aggressive
name something men and bears have in common.	huggable
name something men and bears have in common.	like to growl
name something about peter pan that's different from the average boy.	he can fly
name something about peter pan that's different from the average boy.	he wears tights
name something about peter pan that's different from the average boy.	never grows up
name something about peter pan that's different from the average boy.	he's not real
name something that is imported from japan.	cars
name something that is imported from japan.	television
name something that is imported from japan.	computers
name something that is imported from japan.	kimonos
name something that is imported from japan.	radio
name something that is imported from japan.	saki
name a job a person might apply for at a grocery store.	cashier
name a job a person might apply for at a grocery store.	bagger
name a job a person might apply for at a grocery store.	security guard
name a job a person might apply for at a grocery store.	stock boy
name an occasion when you're forced to pose for a family photo.	christmas
name an occasion when you're forced to pose for a family photo.	family reunion
name an occasion when you're forced to pose for a family photo.	wedding
name an occasion when you're forced to pose for a family photo.	thanksgiving
name an occasion when you're forced to pose for a family photo.	birthday
name an occasion when you're forced to pose for a family photo.	anniversary
name a sign that bad weather is approaching.	grey clouds
name a sign that bad weather is approaching.	high winds
name a sign that bad weather is approaching.	thunder
name a sign that bad weather is approaching.	lightning
name something parents ask the babysitter when they call to check in.	behavior
name something parents ask the babysitter when they call to check in.	everything ok
name something parents ask the babysitter when they call to check in.	about dinner
name something parents ask the babysitter when they call to check in.	sleeping
name something the oldest child gets more than the other kids in the family.	attention
name something the oldest child gets more than the other kids in the family.	money
name something the oldest child gets more than the other kids in the family.	responsibility
name something the oldest child gets more than the other kids in the family.	clothes
name something the oldest child gets more than the other kids in the family.	discipline
name something the oldest child gets more than the other kids in the family.	dessert
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	play cads
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	dinner
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	play golf
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	watch movie
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	double date
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	talk
name something people get together a "foursome" to do.	go dancing
name an athlete who has won a heisman trophy.	oj simpson
name an athlete who has won a heisman trophy.	bo jackson
name an athlete who has won a heisman trophy.	barry sanders
name an athlete who has won a heisman trophy.	tim tebow
name an athlete who has won a heisman trophy.	reggie bush
name a place you would go to get a better view.	mountain
name a place you would go to get a better view.	roof
name a place you would go to get a better view.	beach
name a place you would go to get a better view.	highrise
name something that some people do clothed that others do in the nude.	sunbathe
name something that some people do clothed that others do in the nude.	swim
name something that some people do clothed that others do in the nude.	sex/be intimate
name something that some people do clothed that others do in the nude.	sleep
name something that some people do clothed that others do in the nude.	clean
name something that some people do clothed that others do in the nude.	cook
name something in the house that kids monopolize from their parents.	tv/remote
name something in the house that kids monopolize from their parents.	telephone
name something in the house that kids monopolize from their parents.	computer/games
name something in the house that kids monopolize from their parents.	food/refrigerator
name something many people say a little prayer before doing.	eating meal
name something many people say a little prayer before doing.	flying/traveling
name something many people say a little prayer before doing.	going to bed
name something many people say a little prayer before doing.	sports/skydiving
name something many people say a little prayer before doing.	doctor/surgery
name something many people say a little prayer before doing.	going on a drive
name an animal you expect to see on an african safari.	lions
name an animal you expect to see on an african safari.	elephants
name an animal you expect to see on an african safari.	giraffes
name an animal you expect to see on an african safari.	zebras
name an animal you expect to see on an african safari.	monkeys
name a villain batman and robin are always fighting.	joker
name a villain batman and robin are always fighting.	riddler
name a prop a stripper uses.	pole
name a prop a stripper uses.	feather boa
name a prop a stripper uses.	g-string/lingerie
name a prop a stripper uses.	fan
name a prop a stripper uses.	high heels
name a prop a stripper uses.	whip
name a prop a stripper uses.	tassels
name something you might see on a house roof.	chimney
name something you might see on a house roof.	shingles
name something you might see on a house roof.	birds
name something you might see on a house roof.	satellite dish
name something you might see on a house roof.	leaf
name something you might see on a house roof.	snow
name an exercise you haven't done since high school gym class.	jumping jacks
name an exercise you haven't done since high school gym class.	rope climbing
name an exercise you haven't done since high school gym class.	push-ups
name an exercise you haven't done since high school gym class.	sit-ups
name an exercise you haven't done since high school gym class.	chin
name an exercise you haven't done since high school gym class.	running
name someplace a man goes where he wouldn't want his wife to go with him.	strip joint
name someplace a man goes where he wouldn't want his wife to go with him.	bar/nightclub
name someplace a man goes where he wouldn't want his wife to go with him.	gambling/poker
name someplace a man goes where he wouldn't want his wife to go with him.	to the bathroom
name someplace a man goes where he wouldn't want his wife to go with him.	fishing/hunting
name something people ride on snow.	sled
name something people ride on snow.	snowmobile
name something people usually have less of as they get older.	hair
name something people usually have less of as they get older.	money
name something people usually have less of as they get older.	energy
name something people usually have less of as they get older.	sex drive
name something people usually have less of as they get older.	patience
name something people usually have less of as they get older.	teeth
name a place where people hope to go someday.	heaven
name a place where people hope to go someday.	hawaii
name a place where people hope to go someday.	disneyland
name a place where people hope to go someday.	paris
name a place where people hope to go someday.	florida
other than stars' salaries, name the most expensive thing that goes into making a movie.	special effects
other than stars' salaries, name the most expensive thing that goes into making a movie.	sets
other than stars' salaries, name the most expensive thing that goes into making a movie.	shooting on location
other than stars' salaries, name the most expensive thing that goes into making a movie.	props
other than stars' salaries, name the most expensive thing that goes into making a movie.	equipment
other than stars' salaries, name the most expensive thing that goes into making a movie.	costumes
past or present, name a way to travel around the world.	airplanes
past or present, name a way to travel around the world.	boat
past or present, name a way to travel around the world.	hot air balloon
past or present, name a way to travel around the world.	passport
past or present, name a way to travel around the world.	car
past or present, name a way to travel around the world.	horse
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	5
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	8
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	10
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	12
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	14
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	15
tell me the age at which children start buying their parents christmas gifts	16
tell me something in a teenager's room that they wouldn't want touched	diary
tell me something in a teenager's room that they wouldn't want touched	music
tell me something in a teenager's room that they wouldn't want touched	computer
tell me something in a teenager's room that they wouldn't want touched	clothes
tell me something in a teenager's room that they wouldn't want touched	magazines
tell me something in a teenager's room that they wouldn't want touched	tv
tell me something many wives encourage their husbands to do as they get older.	exercise
tell me something many wives encourage their husbands to do as they get older.	lose weight
tell me something many wives encourage their husbands to do as they get older.	eat healthier
tell me something many wives encourage their husbands to do as they get older.	go to the doctor
tell me something many wives encourage their husbands to do as they get older.	dye hair
tell me something many wives encourage their husbands to do as they get older.	retire
tell me something you do before you go to bed.	brush teeth
tell me something you do before you go to bed.	make love
tell me something you do before you go to bed.	take a shower
tell me something you do before you go to bed.	turn off the lights
tell me something the human body has lots of.	hair
tell me something the human body has lots of.	blood
tell me something the human body has lots of.	bones
tell me something the human body has lots of.	cells
tell me something the human body has lots of.	water
tell me something men do to combat hair loss.	rogaine
tell me something men do to combat hair loss.	comb-over
tell me something men do to combat hair loss.	toupee
tell me something men do to combat hair loss.	transplants
tell me something men do to combat hair loss.	pills
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	breakfast
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	brush hair
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	brush teeth
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	put on deodorant
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	shower
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	makeup
tell me something you might skip doing if you're running late for work.	make the bed
until what time does the average kid sleep in during summer vacation.	10am
until what time does the average kid sleep in during summer vacation.	12pm
until what time does the average kid sleep in during summer vacation.	9am
until what time does the average kid sleep in during summer vacation.	11am
until what time does the average kid sleep in during summer vacation.	8am
what should a man dress as if he wants to get a lot of dates on halloween	hustler
what should a man dress as if he wants to get a lot of dates on halloween	dracula
what should a man dress as if he wants to get a lot of dates on halloween	prince
what should a man dress as if he wants to get a lot of dates on halloween	superman
what should a man dress as if he wants to get a lot of dates on halloween	firefighter
where might a man take you on a first date that would keep him from getting a second date	bar
where might a man take you on a first date that would keep him from getting a second date	strip club
where might a man take you on a first date that would keep him from getting a second date	fast food resteraunt
where might a man take you on a first date that would keep him from getting a second date	zoo
where might a man take you on a first date that would keep him from getting a second date	sports game
what might you do on family feud, that makes your family upset with you?	give wrong answers
what might you do on family feud, that makes your family upset with you?	lose fast money
what might you do on family feud, that makes your family upset with you?	yell
what might you do on family feud, that makes your family upset with you?	swear
what might you do on family feud, that makes your family upset with you?	give no answer
what might someone use while cutting their own hair	scissors
what might someone use while cutting their own hair	mirror
what might someone use while cutting their own hair	clippers
what might someone use while cutting their own hair	comb
what might someone use while cutting their own hair	bowl
which word or phrase is often used as a magician's magic word(s)?	abra cadabra
which word or phrase is often used as a magician's magic word(s)?	hocus pocus
which word or phrase is often used as a magician's magic word(s)?	alla kazam
which word or phrase is often used as a magician's magic word(s)?	presto
what is the biggest complaint that people have about public transportation?	too slow
what is the biggest complaint that people have about public transportation?	crowded
what is the biggest complaint that people have about public transportation?	dirty
when you're upset, name a way you let off steam.	scream/curse
when you're upset, name a way you let off steam.	walk/exercise
when you're upset, name a way you let off steam.	cry
when you're upset, name a way you let off steam.	smoke a cigarette
when you're upset, name a way you let off steam.	listen to music
what might be the most famous hotel chain in america?	hilton
what might be the most famous hotel chain in america?	marriott
what might be the most famous hotel chain in america?	holiday inn
what might be the most famous hotel chain in america?	best western
what might be the most famous hotel chain in america?	radisson
what do airline passengers do when they're stuck on a runway for hours?	complain
what do airline passengers do when they're stuck on a runway for hours?	read
what do airline passengers do when they're stuck on a runway for hours?	sleep
what do airline passengers do when they're stuck on a runway for hours?	talk
what do airline passengers do when they're stuck on a runway for hours?	drink
what do airline passengers do when they're stuck on a runway for hours?	worry
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey, massage
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey, get drink
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey, i'm hungry
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey let's do it
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey, get lights
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey, snoring
we surveyed 100 women...name something, late at night, you might ask your husband to do for you.	honey, trash out
what's something people do in their cars while driving that you think is crazy?	talking
what's something people do in their cars while driving that you think is crazy?	applying makeup
what's something people do in their cars while driving that you think is crazy?	loud music
what's something people do in their cars while driving that you think is crazy?	eating
what's something people do in their cars while driving that you think is crazy?	picking nose
what's something people do in their cars while driving that you think is crazy?	reading
as well as a baby, name something you need to bath a baby.	bathtub
as well as a baby, name something you need to bath a baby.	water
as well as a baby, name something you need to bath a baby.	soap
as well as a baby, name something you need to bath a baby.	baby oil
as well as a baby, name something you need to bath a baby.	washer
as well as a baby, name something you need to bath a baby.	shampoo
besides maple, name a flavor of syrup.	blueberry
besides maple, name a flavor of syrup.	strawberry
besides maple, name a flavor of syrup.	raspberry
besides maple, name a flavor of syrup.	boisenberry
besides maple, name a flavor of syrup.	grape
besides maple, name a flavor of syrup.	cherry
besides books, name something you find at a bookstore.	magazines
besides books, name something you find at a bookstore.	bookmark
besides books, name something you find at a bookstore.	pens
besides books, name something you find at a bookstore.	coffee shop
fact or fiction, name a famous pirate.	long john silver
fact or fiction, name a famous pirate.	blackbeard
fact or fiction, name a famous pirate.	captain jack sparrow
fact or fiction, name a famous pirate.	captain hook
fact or fiction, name a famous pirate.	dread pirate roberts
if doc were to examine the other dwarfs whose problem might he try and medicate	sneezy
if doc were to examine the other dwarfs whose problem might he try and medicate	sleepy
if doc were to examine the other dwarfs whose problem might he try and medicate	grumpy
if doc were to examine the other dwarfs whose problem might he try and medicate	bashful
if einstein failed a subject in school, what might it have been?	english/language
if einstein failed a subject in school, what might it have been?	physical ed
if einstein failed a subject in school, what might it have been?	art
if einstein failed a subject in school, what might it have been?	history
in these recessionary times, name an inexpensive food that many people have for dinner.	pasta
in these recessionary times, name an inexpensive food that many people have for dinner.	chicken
in these recessionary times, name an inexpensive food that many people have for dinner.	hamburger
in these recessionary times, name an inexpensive food that many people have for dinner.	rice
if you walked into a public restroom, name a reason you might walk right back out.	smell
if you walked into a public restroom, name a reason you might walk right back out.	dirty
if you walked into a public restroom, name a reason you might walk right back out.	occupied
if you walked into a public restroom, name a reason you might walk right back out.	wrong one
if you walked into a public restroom, name a reason you might walk right back out.	toilet clogged
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	jump
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	lose balance
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	run
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	swing it
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	drive
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	dance
name something you wouldn't want to do on a rope bridge.	look down
name something that can get tangled.	hair
name something that can get tangled.	fishing line
name something that can get tangled.	rope
name something that can get tangled.	yarn
name something that can get tangled.	jewelry
name something that can get tangled.	shoe laces
name something that can get tangled.	phone cord
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	antenna
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	satellite dish
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	flag
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	helipad
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	lightning rod
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	roof
name something you might find on top of a tall office building	bird
name something about which friends say, "keep looking. you can do better."	mate
name something about which friends say, "keep looking. you can do better."	job
name something about which friends say, "keep looking. you can do better."	clothes
name something about which friends say, "keep looking. you can do better."	living space
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	pizza
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	chicken
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	hambugers
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	ribs
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	corn on the cob
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	watermelon
name a food someone might use more than one hand to eat	sandwhich
name a reason why a couple decides to move in together	in love
name a reason why a couple decides to move in together	save money
name a reason why a couple decides to move in together	getting married
name a reason why a couple decides to move in together	kids together
name a talent you rarely see women do outside a beauty pageant	sing
name a talent you rarely see women do outside a beauty pageant	tap dance
name a talent you rarely see women do outside a beauty pageant	baton twirling
name a talent you rarely see women do outside a beauty pageant	juggle
name something people do while they're waiting for the doctor.	read a magazine
name something people do while they're waiting for the doctor.	watch tv
name something people do while they're waiting for the doctor.	sleep
name something people do while they're waiting for the doctor.	eat
name something people do while they're waiting for the doctor.	watch a clock
name something people do while they're waiting for the doctor.	talk
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	performance
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	sporting event
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	speech
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	graduation
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	wedding
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	sit com/tv
name an instance in which you'd hear applause	birthday party
name something that people today probably wash more than they need to.	hair
name something that people today probably wash more than they need to.	clothes/pants
name something that people today probably wash more than they need to.	hands
name something that people today probably wash more than they need to.	car
name something pros do on a golf course that youd look silly doing for mini golf	practice swing
name something pros do on a golf course that youd look silly doing for mini golf	wearing golf gloves
name something pros do on a golf course that youd look silly doing for mini golf	having a caddy
name something pros do on a golf course that youd look silly doing for mini golf	using a tee
name something pros do on a golf course that youd look silly doing for mini golf	driving golf cart
name something pros do on a golf course that youd look silly doing for mini golf	yelling fore
name something that shines at night.	stars
name something that shines at night.	moon
name something you'd have to get used to if you were a zoo animal	being in a cage
name something you'd have to get used to if you were a zoo animal	feeding time
name something you'd have to get used to if you were a zoo animal	people looking at you
name something you'd have to get used to if you were a zoo animal	noisy children
name a specific object on which you might see the word caution	road sign
name a specific object on which you might see the word caution	yellow tape
name a specific object on which you might see the word caution	wet floor sign
name a specific object on which you might see the word caution	hot drink
name a specific object on which you might see the word caution	poisonous substance
name someplace where they sell cotton candy.	circus
name someplace where they sell cotton candy.	fair
name something a small town may lack.	stores
name something a small town may lack.	people
name something a small town may lack.	entertainment
name something a small town may lack.	crime
name something a small town may lack.	traffic
name something a small town may lack.	money
name a reason you would go to grandma's house for dinner instead of a restaurant.	home cooking
name a reason you would go to grandma's house for dinner instead of a restaurant.	holiday
name a reason you would go to grandma's house for dinner instead of a restaurant.	free
name a reason you would go to grandma's house for dinner instead of a restaurant.	see family
name someone you might tip at a hotel.	bellhop
name someone you might tip at a hotel.	waiter
name a game show that gives away a lot of money	millionaire
name a game show that gives away a lot of money	sunscreen
name a game show that gives away a lot of money	wheel of fortune
name a game show that gives away a lot of money	family fued
name a game show that gives away a lot of money	price is right
name something you're told to turn off before an airplane takes flight	cell phone
name something you're told to turn off before an airplane takes flight	computer
name something you're told to turn off before an airplane takes flight	lights
name something you're told to turn off before an airplane takes flight	headphones
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	divorce
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	sex/ affair
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	star
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	scandal
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	hot
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	pregnant
name one word that you always see on the covers of celebrity magazines	diet/ weight
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	soda pop
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	coffee
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	water
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	tea
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	juice
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	milk
name a type of beverage you are allowed to drink while driving.	gatorade
name an organization thats only for females	madd
name an organization thats only for females	sorority
name an organization thats only for females	wnba
name an organization thats only for females	now
name an organization thats only for females	girl scouts
name an organization thats only for females	wic program
name a celebrity who you'd like to be bffs with just so you could get the scoop on her personal life.	angelina jolie
name a celebrity who you'd like to be bffs with just so you could get the scoop on her personal life.	jennifer aniston
name a celebrity who you'd like to be bffs with just so you could get the scoop on her personal life.	kim kardashian
name a celebrity who you'd like to be bffs with just so you could get the scoop on her personal life.	oprah
name something that might happen if you had bad luck on your honeymoon.	break up
name something that might happen if you had bad luck on your honeymoon.	bad weather
name something that might happen if you had bad luck on your honeymoon.	don't get along
name something that might happen if you had bad luck on your honeymoon.	miss flight
name something that might happen if you had bad luck on your honeymoon.	get sick
name something that might happen if you had bad luck on your honeymoon.	lose luggage
name something you should never wear as the guest at someones wedding	white dress
name something you should never wear as the guest at someones wedding	all black
name something you should never wear as the guest at someones wedding	shorts
name something you should never wear as the guest at someones wedding	jeans
name something you should never wear as the guest at someones wedding	cap
name something you should never wear as the guest at someones wedding	t shirt
name a cartoon character whose head you might find at the top of a pez dispenser	bugs bunny
name a cartoon character whose head you might find at the top of a pez dispenser	mickey mouse
name a cartoon character whose head you might find at the top of a pez dispenser	donald duck
name a cartoon character whose head you might find at the top of a pez dispenser	snoopy
name something embarrassing that you might do while listening to headphones.	sing
name something embarrassing that you might do while listening to headphones.	speak loudly
name something embarrassing that you might do while listening to headphones.	dance
name something embarrassing that you might do while listening to headphones.	ignore someone
name a classical music composer that most know about	mozart
name a classical music composer that most know about	beethoven
name a classical music composer that most know about	bach
name a classical music composer that most know about	tchaikovsy
name something a kindergarten teacher wears to work that a banker never would	jeans
name something a kindergarten teacher wears to work that a banker never would	apron
name something a kindergarten teacher wears to work that a banker never would	tennis shoes
name something a kindergarten teacher wears to work that a banker never would	t shirt
name something a kindergarten teacher wears to work that a banker never would	colorful seater
name something people dye a different color	hair
name something people dye a different color	eggs
name something people dye a different color	shoes
name something people dye a different color	shirt
name something you'd find in a boy's high school gym locker room.	towels
name something you'd find in a boy's high school gym locker room.	clothes
name something you'd find in a boy's high school gym locker room.	lockers
name something you'd find in a boy's high school gym locker room.	jock straps
name something you'd find in a boy's high school gym locker room.	shoes
name something a young man would not want to talk to a girlfriends father about	relationship
name something a young man would not want to talk to a girlfriends father about	marriage
name something a young man would not want to talk to a girlfriends father about	money
name something a young man would not want to talk to a girlfriends father about	ex girlfriends
name something a young man would not want to talk to a girlfriends father about	maternity
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	dennis rodman
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	charlie sheen
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	paris hilton
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	lindsay lohan
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	mike tyson
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	kid rock
name a rowdy star who might benefit from going to charm school	britney spears
name something that makes a startling sound	car horn
name something that makes a startling sound	gun shot
name something that makes a startling sound	thunder
name something that makes a startling sound	siren
name something that makes a startling sound	alarm
name something that a businesswoman must always wear to work.	suit
name something that a businesswoman must always wear to work.	bra
name something that a businesswoman must always wear to work.	heels
name something that a businesswoman must always wear to work.	nylons
name a christmas story that a parent might read to their child.	night before xmas
name a christmas story that a parent might read to their child.	scrooge
name something a teen might need their parent's permission to do before they're 18.	get driver's license
name something a teen might need their parent's permission to do before they're 18.	marry
name something a teen might need their parent's permission to do before they're 18.	get a tattoo
name something a teen might need their parent's permission to do before they're 18.	get a piercing
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	no service
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	dropped calls
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	fuzzy reception
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	expensive
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	batteries die fast
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	break easily
name a complaint people have about their cell phones	can't hear well
name something your house is full of after christmas	presents
name something your house is full of after christmas	wrapping paper
name something your house is full of after christmas	food
name something your house is full of after christmas	pine needles
name something your house is full of after christmas	boxes
name something your house is full of after christmas	people
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	keys
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	money
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	track of time
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	direction
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	focus
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	train of thought
name something people lose when they're not paying attention.	their life
name something a woman who is dating several men needs a lot of.	"protection"
name something a woman who is dating several men needs a lot of.	time
name something a woman who is dating several men needs a lot of.	clothes/shoes
name something a woman who is dating several men needs a lot of.	excuses/lies
name something a woman who is dating several men needs a lot of.	energy/strength
name the worst movie starring arnold schwazenegger.	kindergarten cop
name the worst movie starring arnold schwazenegger.	terminator
name a reason most people would not want to be a farmer.	difficult
name a reason most people would not want to be a farmer.	dirty
name a type of worker who often goes on strike.	factory
name a type of worker who often goes on strike.	teachers
name something a five year old might pray for.	bike
name something a five year old might pray for.	toys
name something that never works just when you need it the most.	car
name something that never works just when you need it the most.	flashlight
name something that never works just when you need it the most.	cell phone/phone
name something that never works just when you need it the most.	pen
name something that never works just when you need it the most.	can opener
name an animal that best describes your boss.	dog
name an animal that best describes your boss.	monkey
name an animal that best describes your boss.	bear
name an animal that best describes your boss.	cat
name an animal that best describes your boss.	lion
name an animal that best describes your boss.	donkey
name a professional that charges for advice	therapist
name a professional that charges for advice	lawyer
name something people do to cows that the cows might object to	milking
name something people do to cows that the cows might object to	butcher
name a reason simon cowell should be happy, not cranky.	rich
name a reason simon cowell should be happy, not cranky.	job
name a reason simon cowell should be happy, not cranky.	famous
name a reason simon cowell should be happy, not cranky.	alive
name a reason simon cowell should be happy, not cranky.	beautiful women
name forms of discipline that are no longer acceptable today.	spanking
name forms of discipline that are no longer acceptable today.	whip
name forms of discipline that are no longer acceptable today.	paddling
name forms of discipline that are no longer acceptable today.	hit
name forms of discipline that are no longer acceptable today.	beating
name forms of discipline that are no longer acceptable today.	belt
name something that has wax.	candle
name something that has wax.	ear
name something you might get when you retire.	money
name something you might get when you retire.	pensions
name something you might get when you retire.	wrist watch
name something you might get when you retire.	rv
name a circus act that requires a net.	trapeze artist
name a circus act that requires a net.	tight rope
name a circus act that requires a net.	high wire
name a circus act that requires a net.	human cannonball
name a circus act that requires a net.	acrobat
name a country known for their soccer skills.	brazil
name a country known for their soccer skills.	france
name a country known for their soccer skills.	italy
name a country known for their soccer skills.	spain
name a country known for their soccer skills.	england
name a country known for their soccer skills.	germany
name something you squeeze.	toothpaste
name something you squeeze.	lemons
name something you squeeze.	oranges
name something you squeeze.	ketchup bottle
name something you squeeze.	pimples
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	go swimming
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	swimming
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	polo
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	water polo
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	skiing
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	water skiing
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	diving
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	springboard
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	plunging
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	nosedive
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	scuba
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	snorkeling
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	surfing
name a bad sport for someone who is afraid of the water.	hang ten
name a good excuse to get your date to come inside at the end of the night.	coffee
name a good excuse to get your date to come inside at the end of the night.	nightcap
name a good excuse to get your date to come inside at the end of the night.	cold out
name a good excuse to get your date to come inside at the end of the night.	use the bathroom
name a job that might require speaking more than one language.	interpreter
name a job that might require speaking more than one language.	language professor
name a job that might require speaking more than one language.	customer service rep
name a job that might require speaking more than one language.	diplomat
name something you find on a bicycle.	bell
name something you find on a bicycle.	seat
name something you find on a bicycle.	pedals
name something you find on a bicycle.	wheels
name something you find on a bicycle.	cyclist
name something you find on a bicycle.	lights
name something you find on a bicycle.	handlebars
name something you find on a bicycle.	pump
name the first thing someone does when they get home from work.	shoes off
name the first thing someone does when they get home from work.	change clothes
name the first thing someone does when they get home from work.	relax
name the first thing someone does when they get home from work.	shower
name the first thing someone does when they get home from work.	cook
name the first thing someone does when they get home from work.	watch tv
name the most famous englishman alive today.	prince charles
name the most famous englishman alive today.	tony blair
name the most famous englishman alive today.	paul mccartney
name the most famous englishman alive today.	elton john
name the most famous englishman alive today.	prince william
name the most famous englishman alive today.	hugh grant
name the most famous englishman alive today.	david beckham
name something babies love to throw.	toys
name something babies love to throw.	food
name something babies love to throw.	bottle
name something babies love to throw.	tantrum
name something babies love to throw.	pacifier
name a part of their own body that people bite.	fingers
name a part of their own body that people bite.	lip
name a part of their own body that people bite.	tongue
name a part of their own body that people bite.	arm
name a part of their own body that people bite.	inside cheeks
name a part of their own body that people bite.	foot
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	buddy holly
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	john kennedy jr.
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	ricky nelson
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	aaliyah
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	john denver
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	patsy cline
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	the big bopper
name a famous person who died in a plane crash.	richie evans
name something moses is famous for doing in the bible.	parting the red sea
name something moses is famous for doing in the bible.	commandments
name something people convert their basements into.	game room
name something people convert their basements into.	living room
name something people convert their basements into.	bedroom
name something people convert their basements into.	man cave
name something people convert their basements into.	home theater
name an activity people do in their backyard.	barbecue
name an activity people do in their backyard.	frisbee
name an activity people do in their backyard.	yard work
name an activity people do in their backyard.	play sports
name an activity people do in their backyard.	tanning
name a tool you might find in a garage.	hammer
name a tool you might find in a garage.	wrench
name a tool you might find in a garage.	screwdriver
name a tool you might find in a garage.	lawn mower
name a tool you might find in a garage.	rake
name a tool you might find in a garage.	saw
name something you eat at the movies.	popcorn
name something you eat at the movies.	candy
name something you eat at the movies.	nachos
name something you eat at the movies.	hot dog
name something that is blue.	the sky
name something that is blue.	oceans
name something that is blue.	eyes
name something that is blue.	jeans
name something that is blue.	the smurfs
name a place people like to take a road trip to.	beaches
name a place people like to take a road trip to.	grand canyon
name a place people like to take a road trip to.	florida
name a place people like to take a road trip to.	las vegas
name a place people like to take a road trip to.	disneyland
name a place people like to take a road trip to.	california
name a reason where you might not get hired after an interview.	lying
name a reason where you might not get hired after an interview.	bad attitude
name a reason where you might not get hired after an interview.	phone rings
name a reason where you might not get hired after an interview.	being late
name a reason where you might not get hired after an interview.	inappropriate attire
name a place you shouldn't flirt with someone.	courthouses
name a place you shouldn't flirt with someone.	doctor's office
name a place you shouldn't flirt with someone.	funeral
name a place you shouldn't flirt with someone.	family reunion
name a place you shouldn't flirt with someone.	prison
name something in your life you wish you had more control over.	money
name something in your life you wish you had more control over.	time
name something in your life you wish you had more control over.	job
name something in your life you wish you had more control over.	people
name something in your life you wish you had more control over.	tv
name something in your life you wish you had more control over.	my weight
name something a spy hides behind while on a stakeout.	tree/bushes
name something a spy hides behind while on a stakeout.	vehicle
name something a spy hides behind while on a stakeout.	building
name something a spy hides behind while on a stakeout.	telephone pole
name something a spy hides behind while on a stakeout.	sunglasses
name something a spy hides behind while on a stakeout.	camera
name a tradition observed at baseball games.	national anthem
name a tradition observed at baseball games.	eating/drinking
name a tradition observed at baseball games.	7th inn'g stretch
name a tradition observed at baseball games.	doing "the wave"
name something that you hold your breath for.	swimming
name something that you hold your breath for.	hiccups
name something that you hold your breath for.	bad smell
name something that even identical twins don't have in common.	fingerprints
name something that even identical twins don't have in common.	dna
name something that even identical twins don't have in common.	eyes
name something people often put on their bucket list.	skydiving
name something people often put on their bucket list.	traveling
name something people often put on their bucket list.	learn another language
name something people often put on their bucket list.	bungee jumping
name a type of lawn ornament.	lawn gnomes
name a type of lawn ornament.	lawn flamingo
name a type of lawn ornament.	bird bath
name a type of lawn ornament.	bird feeder
name a type of lawn ornament.	windmill
name something a boss has to do for herself when her assistant is out for the day.	take phone call
name something a boss has to do for herself when her assistant is out for the day.	coffee
name something a boss has to do for herself when her assistant is out for the day.	work
name something a boss has to do for herself when her assistant is out for the day.	everything
name a kind of place where you see people constantly checking the time.	work
name a kind of place where you see people constantly checking the time.	train station
name a kind of place where you see people constantly checking the time.	airport
name a kind of place where you see people constantly checking the time.	doctor
name a kind of place where you see people constantly checking the time.	bus stop
name a kind of place where you see people constantly checking the time.	school
name something that attracts large crowds during the summer.	beaches
name something that attracts large crowds during the summer.	concerts
name something that attracts large crowds during the summer.	swimming pools
name something that attracts large crowds during the summer.	amusement parks
name something that attracts large crowds during the summer.	fireworks
name something that attracts large crowds during the summer.	parades
name something you do not want to be caught in the rain without.	umbrella
name something you do not want to be caught in the rain without.	hat
name something you do not want to be caught in the rain without.	coat
name something you do not want to be caught in the rain without.	boots
name a seasoning you might add to a bland food.	salt
name a seasoning you might add to a bland food.	pepper
name a seasoning you might add to a bland food.	hot sauce
name a seasoning you might add to a bland food.	garlic
name something of yours that you'd like to be nicer than your neighbor's.	house
name something of yours that you'd like to be nicer than your neighbor's.	car
name something of yours that you'd like to be nicer than your neighbor's.	lawn
name something of yours that you'd like to be nicer than your neighbor's.	family
name a movie studio.	20th century fox
name a movie studio.	warner brothers
name a movie studio.	paramount
name a movie studio.	miramax
name a movie studio.	disney
name something specific that people are tempted to shoplift.	clothes/shoes
name something specific that people are tempted to shoplift.	jewelry/watch
name something specific that people are tempted to shoplift.	candy/junk food
name something specific that people are tempted to shoplift.	cosmetics
name something specific that people are tempted to shoplift.	fruit
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	under the bed
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	under mattress
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	under the pillow
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	dresser
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	drawer
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	desk
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	shoebox
name a place where a teenage girl might keep her diary.	night stand
name a sound that people make involuntarily.	fart
name a sound that people make involuntarily.	cough
name a sound that people make involuntarily.	sneeze
name a sound that people make involuntarily.	burp
name a sound that people make involuntarily.	snore
name something parents do to try and make a baby laugh.	make funny faces
name something parents do to try and make a baby laugh.	tickle them
name something parents do to try and make a baby laugh.	play peek-a-boo
name something parents do to try and make a baby laugh.	baby talk
name a job that is underappreciated.	teacher
name a job that is underappreciated.	janitor
name a job that is underappreciated.	police officer
name a job that is underappreciated.	nursing
name a job that is underappreciated.	waitress
name something school kids sell door to door.	candy
name something school kids sell door to door.	cookies
name something school kids sell door to door.	wrapping paper
name something school kids sell door to door.	magazines
name something school kids sell door to door.	chocolates
name a place where the men tend to outnumber the women.	sports arena
name a place where the men tend to outnumber the women.	bar
name a place where the men tend to outnumber the women.	gym
name a place where the men tend to outnumber the women.	alaska
name a place where the men tend to outnumber the women.	congress
name something that's described as "precious."	children/family
name something that's described as "precious."	diamonds/jewels
name something that's described as "precious."	pets
name something that's described as "precious."	life/health
name a measurement people know on their body.	waist
name a measurement people know on their body.	shoe size
name a measurement people know on their body.	weight
name a measurement people know on their body.	height
name something only a vampire would love an endless supply of.	blood
name something only a vampire would love an endless supply of.	capes
name something only a vampire would love an endless supply of.	coffins
name something a parent tells their kid "i never did at your age."	smoke
name something a parent tells their kid "i never did at your age."	drink
name something a parent tells their kid "i never did at your age."	drugs
name something a parent tells their kid "i never did at your age."	date
name something a parent tells their kid "i never did at your age."	talk back
name something a parent tells their kid "i never did at your age."	lie
name a way eggs are prepared that could also describe a person.	scrambled
name a way eggs are prepared that could also describe a person.	hard-boiled
name a way eggs are prepared that could also describe a person.	over easy
name a way eggs are prepared that could also describe a person.	fried
name a way eggs are prepared that could also describe a person.	sunny-side up
name a way eggs are prepared that could also describe a person.	eggs "benedict"
name an animal that only eats plants.	cow
name an animal that only eats plants.	rabbit
name an animal that only eats plants.	giraffes
name an animal that only eats plants.	deer
name an animal that only eats plants.	horse
name an animal that only eats plants.	elephants
name an animal that only eats plants.	panda
name a city in florida that attracts a lot of tourists.	orlando
name a city in florida that attracts a lot of tourists.	miami
name a city in florida that attracts a lot of tourists.	fort lauderdale
name a city in florida that attracts a lot of tourists.	tampa
name a city in florida that attracts a lot of tourists.	palm beach
name a city in florida that attracts a lot of tourists.	daytona beach
name something your kids might never do if they weren't forced.	brush teeth
name something your kids might never do if they weren't forced.	eat vegetables
name something your kids might never do if they weren't forced.	school/homework
name something your kids might never do if they weren't forced.	bathe
name something your kids might never do if they weren't forced.	go to bed
name something your kids might never do if they weren't forced.	tidy up/chores
name something people might lie about on their online dating profile.	their age
name something people might lie about on their online dating profile.	their weight
name something people might lie about on their online dating profile.	looks
name something people might lie about on their online dating profile.	profession
name something people might lie about on their online dating profile.	income
name something that a girl with lots of brothers might know more about.	sports
name something that a girl with lots of brothers might know more about.	boys/dating
name something that a girl with lots of brothers might know more about.	cars and trucks
name something that a girl with lots of brothers might know more about.	fighting/wrestling
name something people race.	cars
name something people race.	horses
name a reason parents might not approve of their daughter's boyfriend.	he's a "bad boy"
name a reason parents might not approve of their daughter's boyfriend.	has piercings
name a reason parents might not approve of their daughter's boyfriend.	no job
name a reason parents might not approve of their daughter's boyfriend.	sloppy dresser
name a reason parents might not approve of their daughter's boyfriend.	too old
name something you know about spain.	spanish
name something you know about spain.	bullfighting
name something you know about spain.	moors
name something you know about spain.	flamenco
name something super heros are not afraid of.	villains
name something super heros are not afraid of.	guns
name something super heros are not afraid of.	heights
name something super heros are not afraid of.	death
name something super heros are not afraid of.	danger
other than cotton, name a material many clothes are made out of.	polyester
other than cotton, name a material many clothes are made out of.	silk
other than cotton, name a material many clothes are made out of.	wool
other than cotton, name a material many clothes are made out of.	nylon
other than cotton, name a material many clothes are made out of.	leather
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	guinea pig
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	mongrel
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	kitten
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	mutt
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	hamster
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	pet
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	gerbil
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	pooch
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	dog
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	animal
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	puppy
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	cat
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	bunny
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	canine
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	cover
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	rug
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	welcome
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	carpet
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	floor mat
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	doormat
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	mat
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	pectoral
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	self
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	leg
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	hands
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	abs
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	foot
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	feet
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	chest
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	body
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	arms
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	stomach
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	toupee
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	hairpiece
other than your hair, name something that you shampoo.	wig
real or fictional, name a famous tony	tony bennett
real or fictional, name a famous tony	tony the tiger
real or fictional, name a famous tony	tony danza
real or fictional, name a famous tony	tony soprano
tell me something you avoid when you are sick	other people
tell me something you avoid when you are sick	work/school
tell me something you avoid when you are sick	eating
tell me something you avoid when you are sick	alcohol
tell me something you avoid when you are sick	smoking
tell me how fast most people drive on the freeway. (numeric only)	70
tell me how fast most people drive on the freeway. (numeric only)	75
tell me how fast most people drive on the freeway. (numeric only)	65
tell me how fast most people drive on the freeway. (numeric only)	80
tell me how fast most people drive on the freeway. (numeric only)	60
tell me the hour of day when a grocery store is busiest.	5pm
tell me the hour of day when a grocery store is busiest.	6pm
tell me a country that is known for having rude people.	usa
tell me a country that is known for having rude people.	russia
tell me a country that is known for having rude people.	poland
tell me a country that is known for having rude people.	france
tell me an occupation that a guy nicknamed \"butterfingers\" should never take up.	surgeon
tell me an occupation that a guy nicknamed \"butterfingers\" should never take up.	athlete
tell me an occupation that a guy nicknamed \"butterfingers\" should never take up.	butcher/chef
tell me an occupation that a guy nicknamed \"butterfingers\" should never take up.	mover
tell me an occupation that a guy nicknamed \"butterfingers\" should never take up.	carpenter
tell me an occupation that a guy nicknamed \"butterfingers\" should never take up.	waiter
tell me a game you might see people playing at the park.	frisbee
tell me a game you might see people playing at the park.	baseball
tell me a game you might see people playing at the park.	hide and seek
tell me a game you might see people playing at the park.	chess
tell me something of your boss's that you'd like to have.	money
tell me something of your boss's that you'd like to have.	job
tell me something of your boss's that you'd like to have.	car
tell me something of your boss's that you'd like to have.	house
tell me something of your boss's that you'd like to have.	power
tell me something of your boss's that you'd like to have.	office
tell me a famous person named "jamie."	jamie foxx
tell me a famous person named "jamie."	jamie lee curtis
tell me a famous person named "jamie."	jamie farr
tell me a famous person named "jamie."	jamie kennedy
what traffic signs describe your life style?	stop
what traffic signs describe your life style?	green light
what traffic signs describe your life style?	yield/slow down
what traffic signs describe your life style?	dead end
what traffic signs describe your life style?	do not enter
what traffic signs describe your life style?	curves ahead
what traffic signs describe your life style?	caution
what would a cowboy do to cheer up when he's had a bad day?	drink
what would a cowboy do to cheer up when he's had a bad day?	ride his horse
what would a cowboy do to cheer up when he's had a bad day?	sing/play guitar
what would a cowboy do to cheer up when he's had a bad day?	dance
what might an actor do to make you not see their movies anymore?	die
what might an actor do to make you not see their movies anymore?	make a flop
what might an actor do to make you not see their movies anymore?	retire
what might an actor do to make you not see their movies anymore?	get arrested
what would a beauty-obsessed person take longer to do?	fix hair
what would a beauty-obsessed person take longer to do?	put on make up
what would a beauty-obsessed person take longer to do?	get dressed
what would a beauty-obsessed person take longer to do?	shower
when you're stuck in a rut, name an activity that can pull you out	exercise
when you're stuck in a rut, name an activity that can pull you out	going out
when you're stuck in a rut, name an activity that can pull you out	vacation
when you're stuck in a rut, name an activity that can pull you out	shopping
what's something you drink to make you warmer?	coffee
what's something you drink to make you warmer?	hot chocolate
what's something you drink to make you warmer?	tea
what's something you drink to make you warmer?	alcohol
we surveyed 100 women...if you wanted to drive your husband crazy, name something of his you might hide.	keys
we surveyed 100 women...if you wanted to drive your husband crazy, name something of his you might hide.	remote control
we surveyed 100 women...if you wanted to drive your husband crazy, name something of his you might hide.	wallet/money
we surveyed 100 women...if you wanted to drive your husband crazy, name something of his you might hide.	cigarettes/cigar
we surveyed 100 women...if you wanted to drive your husband crazy, name something of his you might hide.	eyeglasses
we surveyed 100 women...if you wanted to drive your husband crazy, name something of his you might hide.	computer/mouse
what's something that could ruin a wedding if it got there late?	bride
what's something that could ruin a wedding if it got there late?	groom
what's something that could ruin a wedding if it got there late?	priest
what's something that could ruin a wedding if it got there late?	cars
what's something that could ruin a wedding if it got there late?	rings
what animal is the most important to mankind?	dog
what animal is the most important to mankind?	cattle
what animal is the most important to mankind?	ape
what animal is the most important to mankind?	horse
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	bacon
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	bratwurst
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	sausage
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	toast
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	home fries
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	hash browns
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	fried potatoes
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	browns
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	grits
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	cappuccino
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	coffee
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	drink coffee
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	espresso
when you order breakfast in a restaurant, name something you usually get with your eggs.	latte
we surveyed 100 men...tell me something no woman can resist.	money
we surveyed 100 men...tell me something no woman can resist.	charm/compliments
we surveyed 100 men...tell me something no woman can resist.	looks/body
we surveyed 100 men...tell me something no woman can resist.	flowers
we surveyed 100 men...tell me something no woman can resist.	jewelry
we surveyed 100 men...tell me something no woman can resist.	shopping/sales
although some consider it paradise, name a downside to living in hawaii	volcanoes
although some consider it paradise, name a downside to living in hawaii	rain
although some consider it paradise, name a downside to living in hawaii	high cost of living
although some consider it paradise, name a downside to living in hawaii	too many tourists
being unhappily married is like being trapped in what?	jail
being unhappily married is like being trapped in what?	quicksand
being unhappily married is like being trapped in what?	hell
being unhappily married is like being trapped in what?	a cage
besides the rose bowl, name a bowl game.	super bowl
besides the rose bowl, name a bowl game.	orange bowl
besides the rose bowl, name a bowl game.	sugar bowl
besides the rose bowl, name a bowl game.	cotton bowl
besides the rose bowl, name a bowl game.	peach bowl
for what occasion did your partner last look stunning?	wedding
for what occasion did your partner last look stunning?	anniversary
for what occasion did your partner last look stunning?	prom
for what occasion did your partner last look stunning?	birthday party
for what occasion did your partner last look stunning?	dinner date
give me a specific nickname for a city in the us.	windy city
give me a specific nickname for a city in the us.	big apple
give me a specific nickname for a city in the us.	sin city
give me a specific nickname for a city in the us.	the big easy
give me a specific nickname for a city in the us.	bean town
how would you enter a swimming pool if you wanted to get noticed.	dive
how would you enter a swimming pool if you wanted to get noticed.	cannon ball
if there was a school for training rock stars who might be the principal	ozzy osbourne
if there was a school for training rock stars who might be the principal	mick jagger
if there was a school for training rock stars who might be the principal	gene simmons
if there was a school for training rock stars who might be the principal	kid rock
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	doctor
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	cop
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	lawyer
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	detective
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	cowboy
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	firefighter
in movies name an occupation thats almost always played by men	president
if they did a show called "who wants to marry a billionaire" name someone they might get as the groom.	donald trump
if they did a show called "who wants to marry a billionaire" name someone they might get as the groom.	bill gates
if your car had a brain, what might it advise you not to do.	speed
if your car had a brain, what might it advise you not to do.	crash
if you were starting your own business, tell me the first thing you'd need.	money
if you were starting your own business, tell me the first thing you'd need.	phone
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	jacket
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	hat
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	gloves
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	lunch box
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	glasses
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	book
name something youd find in a school lostandfound box	shoes
name someone who always has advice to give you	mom
name someone who always has advice to give you	dad
name someone who always has advice to give you	doctor
name someone who always has advice to give you	best friend
name a snack that's served at any party	chips and dip
name a snack that's served at any party	crackers and cheese
name a snack that's served at any party	popcorn
name a snack that's served at any party	cake
name a snack that's served at any party	nuts
name a snack that's served at any party	vegetables
name a profession that would require you to save someones life	dr./nurse
name a profession that would require you to save someones life	lifeguard
name a profession that would require you to save someones life	firefighter
name a profession that would require you to save someones life	paramedic
name something people do before bed that makes it hard to sleep	eat
name something people do before bed that makes it hard to sleep	drink coffee
name something people do before bed that makes it hard to sleep	watch tv
name something people do before bed that makes it hard to sleep	shower
name something people do before bed that makes it hard to sleep	exercise
name a type of food that could most easily be turned into a heart-shape for valentine's day.	cake
name a type of food that could most easily be turned into a heart-shape for valentine's day.	cookies
name a type of food that could most easily be turned into a heart-shape for valentine's day.	sandwich/bread
name a type of food that could most easily be turned into a heart-shape for valentine's day.	pancakes
name something a kid would do after school to make an extra buck	mow lawns
name something a kid would do after school to make an extra buck	babysit
name something a kid would do after school to make an extra buck	paper route
name something a kid would do after school to make an extra buck	sell lemonade
name something a kid would do after school to make an extra buck	wash cars
name something a kid would do after school to make an extra buck	chores
name something teenagers did in thes	danced
name something teenagers did in thes	wore poodle skirts
name something teenagers did in thes	hula hoop
name something teenagers did in thes	cruise in the car
name something teenagers did in thes	went to drive in
name something teenagers did in thes	grease their hair
name an annoying thing about pigeons	droppings
name an annoying thing about pigeons	unsanitary
name an annoying thing about pigeons	noisy
name an annoying thing about pigeons	too many of them
name something that a guy from memphis is probably better at than a guy from new york city.	singing/guitar
name something that a guy from memphis is probably better at than a guy from new york city.	farming
name something that a guy from memphis is probably better at than a guy from new york city.	barbecuing
name something that a guy from memphis is probably better at than a guy from new york city.	horse back riding
name something that a guy from memphis is probably better at than a guy from new york city.	line dancing
name something that a guy from memphis is probably better at than a guy from new york city.	manners
name something that young children memorize	alphabet
name something that young children memorize	spell their name
name something that young children memorize	phone number
name something that young children memorize	address
name something that young children memorize	nursery rhymes
name something that young children memorize	pledge of allegiance
name a game teenagers play at parties	spin the bottle
name a game teenagers play at parties	twister
name a game teenagers play at parties	quarters
name a game teenagers play at parties	cards
name something you wear that covers your ears.	ear muffs
name something you wear that covers your ears.	hat
name something you wear that covers your ears.	headphones
name something you wear that covers your ears.	scarf
name something you wear that covers your ears.	hood
name something kids look forward to the most in winter	playing in snow
name something kids look forward to the most in winter	christmas
name something kids look forward to the most in winter	sled/ski
name something kids look forward to the most in winter	vacation
name something you cut with scissors.	paper
name something you cut with scissors.	hair
name something you cut with scissors.	clothes
name something you cut with scissors.	nails
name something you cut with scissors.	ribbon
name something a person trying to quit smoking might put in their mouth	chewing gum
name something a person trying to quit smoking might put in their mouth	candy
name something a person trying to quit smoking might put in their mouth	pencil
name something a person trying to quit smoking might put in their mouth	nicorette
name something a person trying to quit smoking might put in their mouth	straw
name something that has springs in it.	bed
name something that has springs in it.	couch
name something that has springs in it.	chair
name something that has springs in it.	pogo stick
name something that has springs in it.	trampoline
name something that usually stops after a couple gets married	affection
name something that usually stops after a couple gets married	dating
name something that usually stops after a couple gets married	romance
name something that usually stops after a couple gets married	talking
name something that usually stops after a couple gets married	fun
name something that usually stops after a couple gets married	flirting
name a fruit you might find in a pastry	strawberry
name a fruit you might find in a pastry	apple
name a family tradition people might have for winter holidays.	cooking
name a family tradition people might have for winter holidays.	travel
name a family tradition people might have for winter holidays.	caroling
name a family tradition people might have for winter holidays.	party
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	grocery store
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	bar
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	airplane
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	coffee shop
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	bus
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	parking lot
name a place where you might have a friendly conversation with a total stranger.	park
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	tea
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	pizza
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	coffee
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	milk
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	soup
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	cereal
name a drink or food that can be eaten either hot or cold	chicken
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	lifeguard
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	swim coach
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	swimmer
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	fisherman
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	pool cleaner
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	plumber
name a job aquaman could do if he couldnt be a superhero anymore	marine biologist
name a reason parents might want their kid to go to a particular college.	alma mater
name a reason parents might want their kid to go to a particular college.	better academics
name a reason parents might want their kid to go to a particular college.	reputation of school
name a reason parents might want their kid to go to a particular college.	the cost
name a reason parents might want their kid to go to a particular college.	close to home
name something women do to their hair.	dye it
name something women do to their hair.	curl it
name something women do to their hair.	wash it
name something women do to their hair.	cut it
name something women do to their hair.	brush it
name something women do to their hair.	braid it
name a reason why a restaurant might refuse service to someone	not dressed properly
name a reason why a restaurant might refuse service to someone	drunk
name a reason why a restaurant might refuse service to someone	belligerent attitude
name a reason why a restaurant might refuse service to someone	has no money
name something that left handed people need to use a special version of	scissors
name something that left handed people need to use a special version of	baseball glove
name something that left handed people need to use a special version of	golf club
name something that left handed people need to use a special version of	guitar
name something that left handed people need to use a special version of	desk
name something that left handed people need to use a special version of	computer mouse
name something that comes in a carton	milk
name something that comes in a carton	eggs
name something that comes in a carton	cigarettes
name something that comes in a carton	juice
name a place where a child might get separated from her parents	mall
name a place where a child might get separated from her parents	park
name a place where a child might get separated from her parents	zoo
name a place where a child might get separated from her parents	theme park
name a place where a child might get separated from her parents	airport
name a way that you can track down an old friend	internet
name a way that you can track down an old friend	phone book
name a way that you can track down an old friend	friends
name a way that you can track down an old friend	parents
name something most people bring with them when they go to work	lunch
name something most people bring with them when they go to work	briefcase
name something most people bring with them when they go to work	cell phone
name something most people bring with them when they go to work	coffee
name something most people bring with them when they go to work	purse
name something most people bring with them when they go to work	money
name something that might be orange-flavored.	juice
name something that might be orange-flavored.	soda
name something that might be orange-flavored.	popsicle
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	sleeping
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	eating/drinking
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	kissing
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	use phone
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	freshening up
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	reading map
name something that people might be seen doing in their vehicles as a rest area along the freeway	smoking
name something a woman might wear to appear more professional.	business suit
name something a woman might wear to appear more professional.	dress/skirt
name something a woman might wear to appear more professional.	glasses
name something a woman might wear to appear more professional.	high heels
name a place where a couple should never fight.	place of worship
name a place where a couple should never fight.	restaurant
name a place where a couple should never fight.	in bed
name a place where a couple should never fight.	wedding
name a place where a couple should never fight.	work
name a place where a couple should never fight.	street
name something someone might have a picture of on their winter sweater.	snowflakes
name something someone might have a picture of on their winter sweater.	santa claus
name someone who writes the funniest stories about christmas.	dr seuss
name someone who writes the funniest stories about christmas.	elves
name something a person might cheat on that could get them into trouble.	test
name something a person might cheat on that could get them into trouble.	spouse
name a flavor shot that you wouldn't want in your coffee.	strawberry
name a flavor shot that you wouldn't want in your coffee.	cherry
name a profession that uses scissors	barber
name a profession that uses scissors	tailor
name something you'd do around the house that you'd need a ladder	change light bulb
name something you'd do around the house that you'd need a ladder	clean gutters
name something a one year old spends a lot of time doing.	eating
name something a one year old spends a lot of time doing.	sleeping
name something you do that you don't want to do in a hurry.	cook/prepare food
name something you do that you don't want to do in a hurry.	make love
name something you do that you don't want to do in a hurry.	eat
name something you do that you don't want to do in a hurry.	drive
name something you do that you don't want to do in a hurry.	housework
name something you do that you don't want to do in a hurry.	hair/makeup
name a food that tastes great with mayonnaise.	tuna
name a food that tastes great with mayonnaise.	potato salad
name something kids must be forced to do that adults love doing.	sleeping
name something kids must be forced to do that adults love doing.	eat supper
name something kids must be forced to do that adults love doing.	taking baths
name something kids must be forced to do that adults love doing.	clean
name something kids must be forced to do that adults love doing.	read
name a holiday when most people in the u.s. get the day off.	christmas
name a holiday when most people in the u.s. get the day off.	fourth of july
name a holiday when most people in the u.s. get the day off.	thanksgiving
name a holiday when most people in the u.s. get the day off.	labor day
name a holiday when most people in the u.s. get the day off.	memorial day
name a way for a pirate to get his name out there.	steal
name a way for a pirate to get his name out there.	kill someone
name a way for a pirate to get his name out there.	find treasure
name a way for a pirate to get his name out there.	advertise
name a way for a pirate to get his name out there.	yell
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	earthquakes
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	too hot/weather
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	too crowded
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	expensive
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	violence/crime
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	traffic
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	smog
name a reason people give for not wanting to live in california.	fake people
name something new parents have to get used to.	crying
name something new parents have to get used to.	little sleep
name something new parents have to get used to.	changing diapers
name something new parents have to get used to.	feeding
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	extra clothes
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	shower/bathe
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	clean underwear
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	prepare to cheat
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	drink alcohol
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	get a group
name something you would do to prepare for a game of strip poker.	buy cards
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	roller coaster
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	cotton candy
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	games
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	stuffed animals
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	people
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	ferris wheel
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	food
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (rides is not an answer, be more specific)	merry-go-round
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	court
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	church
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	schools
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	test
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	library
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	movie theater
name a situation where you might be with a group of people, but are not allowed to talk to each other.	jail
name something that many people do only two or three times in a lifetime.	travel/vacation
name something that many people do only two or three times in a lifetime.	get married
name something that many people do only two or three times in a lifetime.	have children
name something that many people do only two or three times in a lifetime.	fall in love
name something that many people do only two or three times in a lifetime.	go skydiving
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	russia
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	iceland
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	canada
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	greenland
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	england
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	sweden
name a country where you might need a jacket year round.	switzerland
name something germans are famous for making	beer
name something germans are famous for making	cars
name a government agency that's best known by its abbreviation.	f.b.i.
name a government agency that's best known by its abbreviation.	c.i.a.
name a government agency that's best known by its abbreviation.	i.r.s.
name a government agency that's best known by its abbreviation.	d.e.a.
name a style of music.	jazz
name a style of music.	rock
name a style of music.	rap
name a style of music.	classical
name a style of music.	pop
name a style of music.	opera
name something you would do to prepare for strip poker.	take a shower
name something you would do to prepare for strip poker.	exercise
name something you would do to prepare for strip poker.	shave
name something you would do to prepare for strip poker.	wear more clothes
name one spanish word everyone knows.	hola
name one spanish word everyone knows.	ole
name one spanish word everyone knows.	uno
name one spanish word everyone knows.	si
name one spanish word everyone knows.	adios
name one spanish word everyone knows.	amigo/amiga
name a famous museum in the u.s.	smithsonian
name a famous museum in the u.s.	museum of natural history
name a famous museum in the u.s.	moma
name a famous museum in the u.s.	guggengeim
name a famous matt or matthew.	matt dillon
name a famous matt or matthew.	matt damon
name a famous matt or matthew.	matt leblanc
name a famous matt or matthew.	matthew perry
name a famous matt or matthew.	matthew broderick
name a famous matt or matthew.	matt lauer
name something a woman never wants to see on her face when she looks in the mirror.	pimple
name something a woman never wants to see on her face when she looks in the mirror.	wrinkles
name something a woman never wants to see on her face when she looks in the mirror.	facial hair
name something a woman never wants to see on her face when she looks in the mirror.	food
name something a woman never wants to see on her face when she looks in the mirror.	bad make-up
name something some men wear and some men don't.	underwear/thongs
name something some men wear and some men don't.	ties/bow ties
name something some men wear and some men don't.	cologne
name something some men wear and some men don't.	hats
name something some men wear and some men don't.	jewelry/earrings
name something some men wear and some men don't.	sneakers/shoes
name something some men wear and some men don't.	undershirts
name something some men wear and some men don't.	toupees
name a part of the body that frequently gets sunburned.	face
name a part of the body that frequently gets sunburned.	back
name a part of the body that frequently gets sunburned.	shoulders
name something people do to get on their boss' good side.	kiss up
name something people do to get on their boss' good side.	work extra
name something people do to get on their boss' good side.	compliment
name something people do to get on their boss' good side.	always agree
name something people do to get on their boss' good side.	get coffee
name something people do to get on their boss' good side.	buy lunch
name a food that is often cooked in the microwave.	popcorn
name a food that is often cooked in the microwave.	tv dinner
name an object that kids need parental guidance to use.	knife
name an object that kids need parental guidance to use.	scissors
name an object that kids need parental guidance to use.	computer
name an object that kids need parental guidance to use.	stove
name a monthly bill that is usually less than a hundred dollars.	phone
name a monthly bill that is usually less than a hundred dollars.	cable
name a monthly bill that is usually less than a hundred dollars.	water
name a monthly bill that is usually less than a hundred dollars.	power
name a monthly bill that is usually less than a hundred dollars.	gas
name something women wear that hurts.	shoes/heels
name something women wear that hurts.	bra
name something women wear that hurts.	girdle/corset
name something women wear that hurts.	thong
name a word you would use to describe a mobster.	crook
name a word you would use to describe a mobster.	scoundrel
name a word you would use to describe a mobster.	shady
name a word you would use to describe a mobster.	mean
name something hippies used to wear that may someday come back in style.	bell-bottoms
name something hippies used to wear that may someday come back in style.	tie-dye
name something hippies used to wear that may someday come back in style.	beads
name something hippies used to wear that may someday come back in style.	long hair
name something hippies used to wear that may someday come back in style.	head band
name something hippies used to wear that may someday come back in style.	granny glasses
name a job where it doesn't matter if you're ugly.	telemarketer
name a job where it doesn't matter if you're ugly.	telephone operator
name a job where it doesn't matter if you're ugly.	radio accouncer
name a job where it doesn't matter if you're ugly.	rockstar
name a job where it doesn't matter if you're ugly.	santa
name an occupation whose people have big egos.	actor
name an occupation whose people have big egos.	lawyer/judge
name an occupation whose people have big egos.	doctor
name an occupation whose people have big egos.	athlete
name an occupation whose people have big egos.	stockbroker
name someone from the sixties who appears in high school history books.	john f. kennedy
name someone from the sixties who appears in high school history books.	mlking, jr.
name someone from the sixties who appears in high school history books.	rosa parks
name someone from the sixties who appears in high school history books.	richard nixon
name someone from the sixties who appears in high school history books.	malcolm x
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	travel
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	walk at night
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	flying
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	skydiving
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	sleep
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	drive
name something you're afraid to do by yourself.	swim
name something that sisters almost always fight over:	clothes
name something that sisters almost always fight over:	boys
name something that sisters almost always fight over:	bathroom
name something that sisters almost always fight over:	telephone
name something that sisters almost always fight over:	makeup
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	mexico
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	england
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	china
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	germany
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	india
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	italy
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	japan
name the country you think the most people come to america from.	cuba
name a beverage that is served at kids birthday party.	kool aid
name a beverage that is served at kids birthday party.	punch
name a beverage that is served at kids birthday party.	soda
name a beverage that is served at kids birthday party.	lemonade
name a beverage that is served at kids birthday party.	milk
name an occupation whose members wear business suits.	lawyers
name an occupation whose members wear business suits.	banker
name an occupation whose members wear business suits.	salesman
name an occupation whose members wear business suits.	accountant
name an occupation whose members wear business suits.	executive
name an occupation whose members wear business suits.	broker
name something a father teaches his son about.	sports
name something a father teaches his son about.	women
name something a father teaches his son about.	manners
name something a father teaches his son about.	hunting
name something a father teaches his son about.	honesty
name something a father teaches his son about.	fishing
name something a father teaches his son about.	cars
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into. be specific.	jeans
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into. be specific.	dress
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into. be specific.	car
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into. be specific.	elevator
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into. be specific.	bus/public transit
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into. be specific.	swimsuit
name a color skittles come in.	red
name a color skittles come in.	green
name a color skittles come in.	yellow
name a color skittles come in.	orange
name a color skittles come in.	purple
name a color skittles come in.	azure
name a color skittles come in.	blue
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	meow
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	purr
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	claw
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	grapple
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	scratch
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	clean
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	tidy
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	scrub
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	neaten
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	lick
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	dust
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	wash
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	nap
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	sleep
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	slumber
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	snooze
name something you would do if you were imitating a cat.	dream
name a place where you try to fall asleep, but somebody usually talks your ear off.	at home
name a place where you try to fall asleep, but somebody usually talks your ear off.	airplane/airport
name a place where you try to fall asleep, but somebody usually talks your ear off.	train/subway
name a place where you try to fall asleep, but somebody usually talks your ear off.	bus
name a place where you try to fall asleep, but somebody usually talks your ear off.	hospital
name something you are afraid to ask your partner to do.	make love
name something you are afraid to ask your partner to do.	clean up
name something you are afraid to ask your partner to do.	lend me money
name something you are afraid to ask your partner to do.	get married
name something you are afraid to ask your partner to do.	lose weight
name something that when you get it means nothing, but when you don't you get angry.	money
name something that when you get it means nothing, but when you don't you get angry.	toilet paper
name something that when you get it means nothing, but when you don't you get angry.	food
name something that when you get it means nothing, but when you don't you get angry.	love
name something that when you get it means nothing, but when you don't you get angry.	your way
name something that when you get it means nothing, but when you don't you get angry.	clean water
name something that parents point out to their toddlers while on a walk.	birds
name something that parents point out to their toddlers while on a walk.	trees
name something that parents point out to their toddlers while on a walk.	dogs
name something that parents point out to their toddlers while on a walk.	flowers
name something that parents point out to their toddlers while on a walk.	airplane
name something that parents point out to their toddlers while on a walk.	vehicle
name something you hate about winter.	the cold
name something you hate about winter.	ice
name something you hate about winter.	the snow
name something you swear you're better at when no one's watching.	singing
name something you swear you're better at when no one's watching.	dancing
name something you swear you're better at when no one's watching.	working/typing
name something you swear you're better at when no one's watching.	sports
name something you swear you're better at when no one's watching.	video games
name something you swear you're better at when no one's watching.	playing instrument
name an occupation whose members you hope are smarter than you.	doctor
name an occupation whose members you hope are smarter than you.	lawyer
name an occupation whose members you hope are smarter than you.	scientist
name an occupation whose members you hope are smarter than you.	politician
name an occupation whose members you hope are smarter than you.	medical
name an occupation whose members you hope are smarter than you.	accountant
name something at breakfast that you might have two of.	eggs
name something a friend has that they brag is better than yours.	car
name something a friend has that they brag is better than yours.	house
name something a friend has that they brag is better than yours.	spouse
name something a friend has that they brag is better than yours.	job
name something a friend has that they brag is better than yours.	children
name something a friend has that they brag is better than yours.	television
name something that you rent.	apartment
name something that you rent.	car
name something that you rent.	hotel rooms
name something that you rent.	movies
name a reason why people might suddenly close their car window.	rain
name a reason why people might suddenly close their car window.	cold
name something not so nice that almost every woman has done at least once to a guy.	lied
name something not so nice that almost every woman has done at least once to a guy.	cheated
name something not so nice that almost every woman has done at least once to a guy.	stood 'em up
name something not so nice that almost every woman has done at least once to a guy.	smacked 'em
name something not so nice that almost every woman has done at least once to a guy.	dumped 'em
name a common household pest.	roaches
name a common household pest.	flies
name a common household pest.	mice
name a common household pest.	ants
name a common household pest.	termites
name a creature that doesn't have legs	snake
name a creature that doesn't have legs	fish
name a drink that people gulp.	water
name a drink that people gulp.	soft drink
name a drink that people gulp.	beer
name a drink that people gulp.	milk
name a drink that people gulp.	gatorade
name a drink that people gulp.	orange juice
name something santa might say to a little girl or boy sitting on his lap.	what do you want?
name something santa might say to a little girl or boy sitting on his lap.	hohoho
name something that is slimy.	snakes
name something that is slimy.	snails
name something that is slimy.	worms
name something that is slimy.	frogs
name something that is slimy.	oysters
name something that is slimy.	fish
name an item of clothing you remove at the door.	boots
name an item of clothing you remove at the door.	scarf
name an item of clothing you remove at the door.	gloves
name an item of clothing you remove at the door.	coat
name something commonly found in a fairytale.	princess
name something commonly found in a fairytale.	prince charming
name something commonly found in a fairytale.	fairies
name something commonly found in a fairytale.	happy ending
name something commonly found in a fairytale.	witches
name something that you flip.	pancakes
name something that you flip.	coin
name something that you flip.	eggs
name something that you flip.	cards
name something that you flip.	lid
other thank family and friends, name a person you give a gift or tip to during the holidays	coworker
other thank family and friends, name a person you give a gift or tip to during the holidays	mail carrier
other thank family and friends, name a person you give a gift or tip to during the holidays	teacher
other thank family and friends, name a person you give a gift or tip to during the holidays	newspaper delivery
other thank family and friends, name a person you give a gift or tip to during the holidays	hairdresser
on a hot day name something a person might do in the nude.	swim
on a hot day name something a person might do in the nude.	sun tan
on a hot day name something a person might do in the nude.	clean the house
on a hot day name something a person might do in the nude.	sleep
past or present, name a famous person with the last name of davis.	sammy davis, jr.
past or present, name a famous person with the last name of davis.	bette davis
past or present, name a famous person with the last name of davis.	ossie davis
past or present, name a famous person with the last name of davis.	geena davis
past or present, name a famous person with the last name of davis.	jefferson davis
to feel safer at night, name something you would go to sleep with.	weapon
to feel safer at night, name something you would go to sleep with.	teddy bear
to feel safer at night, name something you would go to sleep with.	bat
to feel safer at night, name something you would go to sleep with.	dog
to feel safer at night, name something you would go to sleep with.	night light
to feel safer at night, name something you would go to sleep with.	partner
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	lamp
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	tv
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	hair dryer
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	phone
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	clock
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	coffee pot
tell me something that is plugged into an outlet in a hotel room.	microwave
tell me something you do to prepare for a party.	clean
tell me something you do to prepare for a party.	cook
tell me something you do to prepare for a party.	decorate
tell me something you do to prepare for a party.	buy food
tell me something you do to prepare for a party.	get dressed
tell me a game that kids have an advantage in over their parents.	hide and seek
tell me a game that kids have an advantage in over their parents.	tag
tell me a game that kids have an advantage in over their parents.	twister
tell me a game that kids have an advantage in over their parents.	limbo
tell me one fact about angelina jolie.	big lips/pretty
tell me one fact about angelina jolie.	dates brad pitt
tell me one fact about angelina jolie.	has a wild streak
tell me one fact about angelina jolie.	does charity work
tell me one fact about angelina jolie.	married billy bob
tell me one fact about angelina jolie.	adopted two kids
tell me the type of music a teenager might play to annoy a senior citizen.	rap
tell me the type of music a teenager might play to annoy a senior citizen.	hard rock
tell me the type of music a teenager might play to annoy a senior citizen.	heavy metal
tell me the type of music a teenager might play to annoy a senior citizen.	alternative rock
tell me the type of music a teenager might play to annoy a senior citizen.	acid rock
what are some things that people wore in the 80s that are now out of fashion	leg warmers
what are some things that people wore in the 80s that are now out of fashion	spandex
what are some things that people wore in the 80s that are now out of fashion	scrunchies
what are some things that people wore in the 80s that are now out of fashion	big hair
what might authorities ask to see when youre crossing an international border	passport
what might authorities ask to see when youre crossing an international border	id/license
what might authorities ask to see when youre crossing an international border	birth certificate
what might authorities ask to see when youre crossing an international border	luggage
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	argue
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	eat
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	party
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	sleep
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	date
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	talk on the phone
what does a child do more of once they become a teenager	shop
what might an adult wear that has his name on it?	shirt/uniform
what might an adult wear that has his name on it?	name tag
what might an adult wear that has his name on it?	jewlery
what might an adult wear that has his name on it?	jersey
what might an adult wear that has his name on it?	belt
what might an adult wear that has his name on it?	jacket
what words do kids usually use to describe something they like?	cool
what words do kids usually use to describe something they like?	awesome
what words do kids usually use to describe something they like?	yummy
what words do kids usually use to describe something they like?	good
what words do kids usually use to describe something they like?	nice
what body part is most important for a star to maintain?	face
what body part is most important for a star to maintain?	stomach
what body part is most important for a star to maintain?	legs
what body part is most important for a star to maintain?	butt
what body part is most important for a star to maintain?	hair
which person from history would people most like to see interviewed by barbara walters?	jesus christ
which person from history would people most like to see interviewed by barbara walters?	abraham lincoln
which person from history would people most like to see interviewed by barbara walters?	george washington
which person from history would people most like to see interviewed by barbara walters?	benjamin franklin
which person from history would people most like to see interviewed by barbara walters?	john f. kennedy
which person from history would people most like to see interviewed by barbara walters?	martin l. king,jr
what's the first thing a wife does after learning she's pregnant?	tells her husband
what's the first thing a wife does after learning she's pregnant?	call mother
what's the first thing a wife does after learning she's pregnant?	tells her friends
what's the first thing a wife does after learning she's pregnant?	cries
what's the first thing a wife does after learning she's pregnant?	freaks out
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	california
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	florida
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	hawaii
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	new york
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	texas
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	indiana
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	georgia
what u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	new jersey
what part of your body gets tired when you swim?	arms
what part of your body gets tired when you swim?	legs
when dad has control of the tv remote what's always on tv?	sports
when dad has control of the tv remote what's always on tv?	news
when dad has control of the tv remote what's always on tv?	history shows
when dad has control of the tv remote what's always on tv?	westerns
a what place would you not want to be seated next to someone with an annoying laugh	movies
a what place would you not want to be seated next to someone with an annoying laugh	airplane
a what place would you not want to be seated next to someone with an annoying laugh	church
a what place would you not want to be seated next to someone with an annoying laugh	comedy club
a what place would you not want to be seated next to someone with an annoying laugh	restaurant
a what place would you not want to be seated next to someone with an annoying laugh	bus
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	tomato
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	onion
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	croutons
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	cheese
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	carrots
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	dressing
besides lettuce name something a restaurant might put in a dinner salad	cucumbers
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	go for a walk
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	exercise
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	run errands
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	read
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	nap
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	pay bills
besides eat, name something a person might do on their lunch hour	smoke
besides acting, name a profession where the men are good looking.	modeling
besides acting, name a profession where the men are good looking.	firemen
complete this sentence. i could never date someone who ___s too much.	talk
complete this sentence. i could never date someone who ___s too much.	drink
complete this sentence. i could never date someone who ___s too much.	smoke
complete this sentence. i could never date someone who ___s too much.	eat
complete this sentence. i could never date someone who ___s too much.	spend
complete this sentence. i could never date someone who ___s too much.	swear
give me an expression that has the word "out" in it.	get out
give me an expression that has the word "out" in it.	go
give me an expression that has the word "out" in it.	of your mind
give me an expression that has the word "out" in it.	of countrol
give me an expression that has the word "out" in it.	look out
give me an expression that has the word "out" in it.	outside
how many credit cards does the average person have? (numeric only)	3
how many credit cards does the average person have? (numeric only)	5
how many credit cards does the average person have? (numeric only)	4
how many credit cards does the average person have? (numeric only)	2
how many credit cards does the average person have? (numeric only)	6
how many credit cards does the average person have? (numeric only)	1
if you were staying overnight at a friend's and forgot your toothbrush, name something you might do.	use my finger
if you were staying overnight at a friend's and forgot your toothbrush, name something you might do.	buy a new one
if you were staying overnight at a friend's and forgot your toothbrush, name something you might do.	ask for an extra
if you were staying overnight at a friend's and forgot your toothbrush, name something you might do.	mouthwash
if your body aches,tell me what a possible cause might be.	sick
if your body aches,tell me what a possible cause might be.	exercise/lifting
if your body aches,tell me what a possible cause might be.	tired/slept wrong
if your body aches,tell me what a possible cause might be.	arthritis/old age
if your body aches,tell me what a possible cause might be.	stress
if your body aches,tell me what a possible cause might be.	injury
if frankenstein threw a party, name someone who might be on his guest list.	dracula
if frankenstein threw a party, name someone who might be on his guest list.	bride of frankenstein
if a woman eats like a bird, what animal does a man eat like?	pig
if a woman eats like a bird, what animal does a man eat like?	horse
if a woman eats like a bird, what animal does a man eat like?	dog
if a woman eats like a bird, what animal does a man eat like?	bear
if a woman eats like a bird, what animal does a man eat like?	elephant
if a woman eats like a bird, what animal does a man eat like?	lion
name something a puppy likes to chew on	bone
name something a puppy likes to chew on	shoes
name something a puppy likes to chew on	furniture
name something a puppy likes to chew on	toys
name something a puppy likes to chew on	food
name something a puppy likes to chew on	ball
name a profession where you might be fired if you lost your voice	singer
name a profession where you might be fired if you lost your voice	radio host
name a profession where you might be fired if you lost your voice	teacher
name a profession where you might be fired if you lost your voice	receptionist
name a profession where you might be fired if you lost your voice	telemarketer
name a profession where you might be fired if you lost your voice	actor
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	bread
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	bananas
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	cookies
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	chips
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	potatoes
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	cereal
name a food that doesnt need to be refrigerated	canned goods
name something people try to recite lines from	movies
name something people try to recite lines from	poetry
name something people try to recite lines from	play
name something people try to recite lines from	religious scripture
name something people try to recite lines from	songs
name something specific that can smell like cinnamon (more specific than "sweets.")	rolls
name something specific that can smell like cinnamon (more specific than "sweets.")	french toast
name something specific that can smell like cinnamon (more specific than "sweets.")	cookies
name something specific that can smell like cinnamon (more specific than "sweets.")	apple pie
name something specific that can smell like cinnamon (more specific than "sweets.")	candles
name something specific that can smell like cinnamon (more specific than "sweets.")	gum/candy
name a body part that swells on a pregnant woman	feet
name a body part that swells on a pregnant woman	belly
name a body part that swells on a pregnant woman	ankles
name a body part that swells on a pregnant woman	face
name a body part that swells on a pregnant woman	hands
name the best place to pick up a new joke	bar
name the best place to pick up a new joke	internet
name the best place to pick up a new joke	work
name the best place to pick up a new joke	tv
name the best place to pick up a new joke	comedy club
name the best place to pick up a new joke	party
name the best place to pick up a new joke	friends
name a crime that some people probably commit every day	speeding
name a crime that some people probably commit every day	jaywalking
name a crime that some people probably commit every day	littering
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	banana
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	pear
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	kiwi
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	watermelon
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	plum
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	strawberry
name a fruit that you rarely see made into juice	peach
name a specific button on a clock radio.	snooze
name a specific button on a clock radio.	alarm
name something people get removed from their body	mole
name something people get removed from their body	hair
name a circus animal that looks better in costume than it does naturally.	elephant
name a circus animal that looks better in costume than it does naturally.	monkey
name a circus animal that looks better in costume than it does naturally.	bear
name a circus animal that looks better in costume than it does naturally.	lion
name a circus animal that looks better in costume than it does naturally.	tiger
name a circus animal that looks better in costume than it does naturally.	seal
name a toy parents have to put together.	bicycle
name a toy parents have to put together.	doll house
name a toy parents have to put together.	train set
name a toy parents have to put together.	race track
name a toy parents have to put together.	kite
name a toy parents have to put together.	jungle gym
name a toy parents have to put together.	play house
name something you'd put in a breakfast buritto	eggs
name something you'd put in a breakfast buritto	cheese
name something you'd put in a breakfast buritto	meat
name something you'd put in a breakfast buritto	beans
name something you'd put in a breakfast buritto	tomato/salsa
name something a celebrity might discuss on a talk show	movie
name something a celebrity might discuss on a talk show	book
name something a celebrity might discuss on a talk show	family
name something a celebrity might discuss on a talk show	drugs/addiction
name something a celebrity might discuss on a talk show	romance
name something a celebrity might discuss on a talk show	losing weight
name a person who's last name is "johnson."	magic johnson
name a person who's last name is "johnson."	lyndon b johnson
name a person who's last name is "johnson."	don johnson
name a person who's last name is "johnson."	andrew johnson
name a person who's last name is "johnson."	howard johnson
name a person who's last name is "johnson."	lady bird johnson
name a situation where you might hang up on an answering machine, for fear of saying something dumb.	asking for date
name a situation where you might hang up on an answering machine, for fear of saying something dumb.	job interview
name a situation where you might hang up on an answering machine, for fear of saying something dumb.	break up
name a situation where you might hang up on an answering machine, for fear of saying something dumb.	wrong number
name something a movie star's kid might get as a birthday present.	car
name something a movie star's kid might get as a birthday present.	pet
name something a movie star's kid might get as a birthday present.	money
name something a movie star's kid might get as a birthday present.	jewelry
name something a movie star's kid might get as a birthday present.	house
name something a movie star's kid might get as a birthday present.	tv/movie role
name a kind of cookie people love to dunk in milk.	chocolate chip
name a kind of cookie people love to dunk in milk.	oreo
name something parents should do to be sure that their kids have a safe halloween.	go with them
name something parents should do to be sure that their kids have a safe halloween.	check candy
name something parents should do to be sure that their kids have a safe halloween.	bright costume
name something parents should do to be sure that their kids have a safe halloween.	keep home
name an occupation you'd be tempted to enter if you liked to snoop	espionage
name an occupation you'd be tempted to enter if you liked to snoop	police
name an occupation you'd be tempted to enter if you liked to snoop	news reporter
name an occupation you'd be tempted to enter if you liked to snoop	housekeeping
name a topping you'd put on both a pizza and a taco.	cheese
name a topping you'd put on both a pizza and a taco.	beef/sausage
name a topping you'd put on both a pizza and a taco.	tomato
name a topping you'd put on both a pizza and a taco.	olives
name a topping you'd put on both a pizza and a taco.	onions
name a common mistake people make when taking pictures.	out of focus
name a common mistake people make when taking pictures.	put finger in lense
name a common mistake people make when taking pictures.	leave lense cap on
name a common mistake people make when taking pictures.	no flash
name something you'd see a person do while jogging for exercise, but never if they were being chased	wear headphones
name something you'd see a person do while jogging for exercise, but never if they were being chased	rest
name something you'd see a person do while jogging for exercise, but never if they were being chased	run in place
name something you'd see a person do while jogging for exercise, but never if they were being chased	drink water
name something you'd see a person do while jogging for exercise, but never if they were being chased	stretch
name something you'd see a person do while jogging for exercise, but never if they were being chased	check pulse
name something a kid might do that would make you tell them they're turning into a squirrel.	eat nuts
name something a kid might do that would make you tell them they're turning into a squirrel.	climb trees
name something a kid might do that would make you tell them they're turning into a squirrel.	bring germs
name something a kid might do that would make you tell them they're turning into a squirrel.	nibble on everything
name something a kid might do that would make you tell them they're turning into a squirrel.	hide things
name something a kid might do that would make you tell them they're turning into a squirrel.	jump
name something in the house that you might not use when people are trying to sleep	vacuum
name something in the house that you might not use when people are trying to sleep	tv
name something in the house that you might not use when people are trying to sleep	stereo
name something in the house that you might not use when people are trying to sleep	blender
name something in the house that you might not use when people are trying to sleep	phone
name something in the house that you might not use when people are trying to sleep	lights
name something a kid might bury in the backyard.	toy
name something a kid might bury in the backyard.	pet
name something a kid might bury in the backyard.	money
name something a kid might bury in the backyard.	time capsule
name something you know about shaquille o'neal.	tall
name something you know about shaquille o'neal.	basketball player
name something you know about shaquille o'neal.	raps
name something you know about shaquille o'neal.	officer
name something you know about shaquille o'neal.	bad actor
name a movie featuring a horse.	black beauty
name a movie featuring a horse.	seabiscuit
name a movie featuring a horse.	black stallion
name a movie featuring a horse.	horse whisperer
name a movie featuring a horse.	dreamer
name a movie featuring a horse.	national velvet
name a movie featuring a horse.	my friend flicka
name a city that is best known for its nightlife	new york
name a city that is best known for its nightlife	las vegas
name a city that is best known for its nightlife	los angeles
name a city that is best known for its nightlife	new orleans
name something doctors are always telling people to stop doing	smoking
name something doctors are always telling people to stop doing	eating too much
name something doctors are always telling people to stop doing	eating junk
name something doctors are always telling people to stop doing	too much salt
name something doctors are always telling people to stop doing	drinking alcohol
name something you might see in a hunting lodge	mounted animal heads
name something you might see in a hunting lodge	guns
name something you might see in a hunting lodge	hunters
name something you might see in a hunting lodge	antlers
name something you might see in a hunting lodge	fireplace
name a place people might go for peace and quiet	library
name a place people might go for peace and quiet	park
name a place people might go for peace and quiet	church
name a place people might go for peace and quiet	bedroom
name a place people might go for peace and quiet	beach
name the best place for single people to find each other	bar
name the best place for single people to find each other	church
name the best place for single people to find each other	grocery store
name the best place for single people to find each other	internet
name the best place for single people to find each other	work
name the best place for single people to find each other	party
name something you see in someone's yard as a holiday decoration.	lights
name something you see in someone's yard as a holiday decoration.	santa
name something you see in someone's yard as a holiday decoration.	snowman
name something you see in someone's yard as a holiday decoration.	reindeer
name something you see in someone's yard as a holiday decoration.	tree
name a sport that should be part of the olympics, but isn't.	american football
name a sport that should be part of the olympics, but isn't.	golf
name a sport that should be part of the olympics, but isn't.	bowling
name a sport that should be part of the olympics, but isn't.	dodgeball
name something you need in order to go sledding.	sled
name something you need in order to go sledding.	snow
name something you need in order to go sledding.	hill
name something you need in order to go sledding.	mittens
name something you need in order to go sledding.	jacket
name something you need in order to go sledding.	boots
name a reason why you wouldn't have cake on your birthday.	on a diet
name a reason why you wouldn't have cake on your birthday.	allergic
name a reason why you wouldn't have cake on your birthday.	don't celebrate
name a reason why you wouldn't have cake on your birthday.	too old
name a reason why you wouldn't have cake on your birthday.	don't like cake
name a reason why you wouldn't have cake on your birthday.	diabetic
name a job in which you could wear shorts to work.	lifeguard
name a job in which you could wear shorts to work.	mail carrier
name a job in which you could wear shorts to work.	gym teacher
name a job in which you could wear shorts to work.	zookeeper
name a day of the year when most people call home.	christmas
name a day of the year when most people call home.	mother's day
name a day of the year when most people call home.	thanksgiving
name a day of the year when most people call home.	family birthday
name an article of clothing your husband often receives at the holidays, but rarely wants	tie
name an article of clothing your husband often receives at the holidays, but rarely wants	socks
name an article of clothing your husband often receives at the holidays, but rarely wants	underwear
name an article of clothing your husband often receives at the holidays, but rarely wants	sweater
name something a baby spends a lot of time doing.	sleeping
name something a baby spends a lot of time doing.	crying
name something a baby spends a lot of time doing.	eating
name something a baby spends a lot of time doing.	going to the bathroom
name a type of poster a 13-year-old boy might have on his wall.	movie/tv star
name a type of poster a 13-year-old boy might have on his wall.	their favorite band
name a type of poster a 13-year-old boy might have on his wall.	sports
name a type of poster a 13-year-old boy might have on his wall.	pro wrestling
name a type of poster a 13-year-old boy might have on his wall.	superhero
name something you might put on nachos.	send us your answers!
name something you might put on nachos.	cheese
name something embarrassing your parents might do during the holidays.	drink
name something embarrassing your parents might do during the holidays.	sing
name something you might see on a street corner.	stop sign
name something you might see on a street corner.	street light
name something rich people try to save money on.	taxes
name something rich people try to save money on.	cars
name something rich people try to save money on.	food
name something rich people try to save money on.	house
name a movie monster that should have a star on the hollywood walk of fame.	godzilla
name a movie monster that should have a star on the hollywood walk of fame.	frankenstein
name a country where they speak french.	send us your answers!
name a country where they speak french.	france
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holidays.	mother in law
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holidays.	uncle
name something that would be inappropriate to wear to a wedding.	white dress
name something that would be inappropriate to wear to a wedding.	dress
name something that would be inappropriate to wear to a wedding.	gown
name something that would be inappropriate to wear to a wedding.	robe
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	send us your answers!
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	bathroom
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	church
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	work place
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	zoo
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	parks
name a place you would not describe as romantic.	bars
name something people usually do at 11:00 pm.	go to bed
name something people usually do at 11:00 pm.	watch news
name something people usually do at 11:00 pm.	snack
name something people usually do at 11:00 pm.	go out
name an american state where frosty the snowman would not go on vacation.	florida
name an american state where frosty the snowman would not go on vacation.	hawaii
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	books
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	computers
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	sports/equipment
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	music
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	art
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	field trips
name something a school on a really tight budget might not have money for.	lunch
name a reason why someone might make fun of a car.	old
name a reason why someone might make fun of a car.	color
name a reason why someone might make fun of a car.	rusty
name a reason why someone might make fun of a car.	size
name a reason why someone might make fun of a car.	dents
name something you like better when it's bigger.	food/drink size
name something you like better when it's bigger.	bankroll/salary
name something you like better when it's bigger.	bed
name something you like better when it's bigger.	car
name someplace a man goes where he sucks in his gut to look better.	beach
name someplace a man goes where he sucks in his gut to look better.	gym
name someplace a man goes where he sucks in his gut to look better.	bar/nightclub
name someplace a man goes where he sucks in his gut to look better.	party
name someplace a man goes where he sucks in his gut to look better.	restaurant
name something you'd hate about living on a farm.	smell
name something you'd hate about living on a farm.	chores
name something you'd hate about living on a farm.	waking early
name something you'd hate about living on a farm.	isolation
name something you'd hate about living on a farm.	animals
name something you'd hate about living on a farm.	bugs
name a character who is hired to perform at a kid's birthday party.	clown
name a character who is hired to perform at a kid's birthday party.	barney
name a character who is hired to perform at a kid's birthday party.	magician
name a character who is hired to perform at a kid's birthday party.	big bird
name something you might find in a taxi.	driver
name something you might find in a taxi.	meter
name something you might find in a taxi.	money
name something you might find in a taxi.	wallet
name something you might find in a taxi.	radio
name something you get too much of when you're a teenager.	homework
name something you get too much of when you're a teenager.	acne
name something you get too much of when you're a teenager.	sleep
name something you get too much of when you're a teenager.	advice
name something you get too much of when you're a teenager.	freedom
name something you get too much of when you're a teenager.	junk food
name an occupation whose members must worry about being bitten.	veterinarian
name an occupation whose members must worry about being bitten.	tamer/trainer
name an occupation whose members must worry about being bitten.	zookeeper
name an occupation whose members must worry about being bitten.	mail carrier
name an occupation whose members must worry about being bitten.	animal catcher
name something you'd hate to see a spider crawling out of.	bed
name something you'd hate to see a spider crawling out of.	food
name something you'd hate to see a spider crawling out of.	shoes
name something you'd hate to see a spider crawling out of.	my clothes
name something you'd hate to see a spider crawling out of.	toilet
name something you'd hate to see a spider crawling out of.	bathtub
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	labor day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	memorial day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	new year's day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	valentine's day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	mother's day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	columbus day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	thanksgiving day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	christmas day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	washington's birthday
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	independence day
name a holiday that ends in the word "day":	st patrick's day
name an occupation where people might confess something to you.	priest
name an occupation where people might confess something to you.	psychologist
name an occupation where people might confess something to you.	lawyer
name an occupation where people might confess something to you.	doctor
name an occupation where people might confess something to you.	police officer
name an occupation where people might confess something to you.	office worker
name something people wear when going on a hike.	boots
name something people wear when going on a hike.	backpack
name something people wear when going on a hike.	shorts
name something people wear when going on a hike.	socks
name something people wear when going on a hike.	hat
name a place that might be really dusty.	attic
name a place that might be really dusty.	basement
name a place that might be really dusty.	desert
name a place that might be really dusty.	an old house
name a place that might be really dusty.	underneath furniture
name something a boy scout might learn.	starting a fire
name something a boy scout might learn.	knot tying
name something a boy scout might learn.	camping
name something a boy scout might learn.	honesty
name your favorite character on modern family.	jay prichett
name your favorite character on modern family.	phil dunphy
name your favorite character on modern family.	gloria prichett
name your favorite character on modern family.	manny delgado
name your favorite character on modern family.	clair dunphy
name your favorite character on modern family.	cameron tucker
name a place that's fun to take a date, but not to take a baby.	movie theater
name a place that's fun to take a date, but not to take a baby.	bar
name a place that's fun to take a date, but not to take a baby.	restaurant
name a place that's fun to take a date, but not to take a baby.	amusement park
name a place that's fun to take a date, but not to take a baby.	beach
name a place that's fun to take a date, but not to take a baby.	concert
name something people don't want to be caught in.	traffic
name something people don't want to be caught in.	rain
name something people don't want to be caught in.	a lie
name something people don't want to be caught in.	a scandal/affair
name something people don't want to be caught in.	a trap
name something people wear that is adjustable.	belt
name something people wear that is adjustable.	bra
name something people wear that is adjustable.	hat
name something people wear that is adjustable.	suspenders
name something people wear that is adjustable.	overalls
name something people smell before they buy it.	fruit
name something people smell before they buy it.	perfume/cologne
name something people smell before they buy it.	meat
name something people smell before they buy it.	flowers
name something people smell before they buy it.	fish
name something people smell before they buy it.	candles
name a legendary country music singer.	hank williams
name a legendary country music singer.	johnny cash
name a legendary country music singer.	willie nelson
name a legendary country music singer.	dolly parton
name a legendary country music singer.	garth brooks
name a legendary country music singer.	george jones
name a legendary country music singer.	loretta lynn
name a legendary country music singer.	patsy cline
name something people do with pennies.	save them
name something people do with pennies.	throw in a fountain
name something people do with pennies.	roll them up
name something people do with pennies.	throw them away
name something people do with pennies.	spend them
name a celebrity who's famous for his or her nose.	jimmy durante
name a celebrity who's famous for his or her nose.	barbra streisand
name a celebrity who's famous for his or her nose.	michael jackson
name a celebrity who's famous for his or her nose.	bob hope
name a celebrity who's famous for his or her nose.	danny thomas
name a celebrity who's famous for his or her nose.	howard stern
name an animal that lives in the desert.	camels
name an animal that lives in the desert.	snakes
name an animal that lives in the desert.	lizards
name an animal that lives in the desert.	coyote
name an animal that lives in the desert.	scorpions
name an animal that lives in the desert.	armadillo
name an occupation in which a man wears an apron.	chef
name an occupation in which a man wears an apron.	waiter
name an occupation in which a man wears an apron.	butcher
name a sign that your date is not really into you.	on the phone
name a sign that your date is not really into you.	yawning
name a sign that your date is not really into you.	not talking
name a sign that your date is not really into you.	attention elsewhere
name a sign that your date is not really into you.	texting
name something you might wear a pair of.	shoes
name something you might wear a pair of.	socks
name something you might wear a pair of.	pants
name something you might wear a pair of.	gloves
name something you might wear a pair of.	earrings
name something you might wear a pair of.	eye glasses
name a present people buy for their dog for the holidays.	bones
name a present people buy for their dog for the holidays.	treats
name a place where you might hear bells ringing.	church
name a place where you might hear bells ringing.	school
name a place where you might hear bells ringing.	restaurant
name a place where you might hear bells ringing.	casino
name something people have a personal code for.	atm
name something people have a personal code for.	computer
name something people have a personal code for.	alarm
name something people have a personal code for.	lovers
name something people have a personal code for.	phone
name something kids are afraid of on halloween.	ghosts
name something kids are afraid of on halloween.	monsters
name something kids are afraid of on halloween.	dark
name something kids are afraid of on halloween.	masks
name something kids are afraid of on halloween.	zombies
name something kids are afraid of on halloween.	witch
name a place where talking gets you a dirty look.	library
name a place where talking gets you a dirty look.	church
name a place where talking gets you a dirty look.	movies
name a place where talking gets you a dirty look.	classroom
name a place where talking gets you a dirty look.	funeral
name a popular flavor of tea to drink when you have a cold.	lemon
name a popular flavor of tea to drink when you have a cold.	green tea
name a popular flavor of tea to drink when you have a cold.	mint
name a popular flavor of tea to drink when you have a cold.	chamomile
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	bald
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	accent
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	weight
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	advice
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	wife
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	jokes
name something about dr. phil that comedians make fun of.	know-it-all
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	rating
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	cast/stars
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	good review
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	plot/story
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	length of movie
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	who directed
name something you want to know about a movie before you go see it.	violent
name a big problem with owning a big car.	gas
name a big problem with owning a big car.	parking
name a big problem with owning a big car.	insurance
name a big problem with owning a big car.	payments
name a big problem with owning a big car.	maintenance
name an occupation in which there's no room for mistakes.	doctor
name an occupation in which there's no room for mistakes.	police officer
name an occupation in which there's no room for mistakes.	accountant
name an occupation in which there's no room for mistakes.	firefighter
name an occupation in which there's no room for mistakes.	construction
name an occupation in which there's no room for mistakes.	hair dresser
name something a gardner does.	plant
name something a gardner does.	mow lawn
name something a gardner does.	weed
name something a gardner does.	water plants
name something a gardner does.	trim trees
name something a gardner does.	dig
name something you would like to catch.	a fish
name something you would like to catch.	baseball
name something you would like to catch.	mate
name something you would like to catch.	money
name something you would like to catch.	bouquet
name something you would like to catch.	a break
name something you'd hate to sit on, in a darkened theater.	bubble gum
name something you'd hate to sit on, in a darkened theater.	spilled soda
name something you'd hate to sit on, in a darkened theater.	chocolate
name something you'd hate to sit on, in a darkened theater.	another person
name something you'd hate to sit on, in a darkened theater.	floor
name something you'd hate to sit on, in a darkened theater.	vomit
name a place which most people remember going for the first time.	school
name a place which most people remember going for the first time.	amusement park
name a place which most people remember going for the first time.	baseball game
name a place which most people remember going for the first time.	beach
name a place which most people remember going for the first time.	movie
name something a parent might grill their daughter's date about.	age
name something a parent might grill their daughter's date about.	sex
name something a parent might grill their daughter's date about.	job
name something a parent might grill their daughter's date about.	curfew
name something a parent might grill their daughter's date about.	school
name something a parent might grill their daughter's date about.	plans
name something you squeeze to get more out of it.	toothpaste
name something you squeeze to get more out of it.	orange
name something you squeeze to get more out of it.	lemon
name something you squeeze to get more out of it.	ketchup
name something you squeeze to get more out of it.	mustard
name a fruit not used for juice.	banana
name a fruit not used for juice.	cantaloupe
name a fruit not used for juice.	watermelon
name a fruit not used for juice.	strawberry
name a fruit not used for juice.	honeydew
name a fruit not used for juice.	mango
name a celebrity couple who has battled through a nasty divorce.	charlie and de..
name a celebrity couple who has battled through a nasty divorce.	paul and heath...
name a celebrity couple who has battled through a nasty divorce.	britney and ke...
name a celebrity couple who has battled through a nasty divorce.	alec and kim
name a celebrity couple who has battled through a nasty divorce.	jennifer and b...
name a celebrity couple who has battled through a nasty divorce.	tom and nicole
name a way you might get ready for a date.	shower
name a way you might get ready for a date.	get dressed
name a way you might get ready for a date.	apply makeup
name a way you might get ready for a date.	fix hair
name a way you might get ready for a date.	buy clothes
name something in life that brings out your competitive streak.	sports
name something in life that brings out your competitive streak.	work
name something in life that brings out your competitive streak.	dating
name something in life that brings out your competitive streak.	school
name something in life that brings out your competitive streak.	becoming a parent
name a gift teenagers enjoy receiving.	money
name a gift teenagers enjoy receiving.	ipod
name a gift teenagers enjoy receiving.	music
name a gift teenagers enjoy receiving.	mobile phone
name a gift teenagers enjoy receiving.	car
name a gift teenagers enjoy receiving.	clothes
name something you don't have to do when you're out of work?	get up early
name something you don't have to do when you're out of work?	work
name something you don't have to do when you're out of work?	answer phone
name something you don't have to do when you're out of work?	dress up
name something you don't have to do when you're out of work?	commute
name something you don't have to do when you're out of work?	shave
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	tiger woods
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	tarrell owens
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	dennis rodman
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	michael vick
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	kobe bryant
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	john mcenroe
name an athlete who's got a bad attitude.	mike tyson
name someone a child wants to grow up and be like.	parent
name someone a child wants to grow up and be like.	president
name someone a child wants to grow up and be like.	superhero
name someone a child wants to grow up and be like.	famous athlete
name someone a child wants to grow up and be like.	moviestar
name the toughest part about owning an elephant as a pet.	cleaning up
name the toughest part about owning an elephant as a pet.	feeding
name the toughest part about owning an elephant as a pet.	too big
name the toughest part about owning an elephant as a pet.	no room
name the toughest part about owning an elephant as a pet.	bathing
name something little kids are often afraid of.	the dark
name something little kids are often afraid of.	monsters
name something little kids are often afraid of.	dogs
name something little kids are often afraid of.	thunder/lightn'g
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	macarena
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	electric slide
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	twist
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	chicken dance
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	hokey pokey
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	ymca
name a song that has a dance to go with it.	chacha slide
name a country you could visit if you wanted to see ancient ruins.	egypt
name a country you could visit if you wanted to see ancient ruins.	italy
name a country you could visit if you wanted to see ancient ruins.	greece
name a country you could visit if you wanted to see ancient ruins.	mexico
name a country you could visit if you wanted to see ancient ruins.	england
name something a person might slide down on a snowy hill.	sled
name something a person might slide down on a snowy hill.	inner tube
name something a person might slide down on a snowy hill.	cardboard
name something a person might slide down on a snowy hill.	skis
name a job that might require annual physicals.	police officer
name a job that might require annual physicals.	athlete
name a job that might require annual physicals.	firefighters
name a job that might require annual physicals.	pilot
name a job that might require annual physicals.	truck driver
name a job that might require annual physicals.	the military
other than sleep, name something you do while lying down	read
other than sleep, name something you do while lying down	watch tv/movie
other than sleep, name something you do while lying down	make love
other than sleep, name something you do while lying down	sun bathe
other than sleep, name something you do while lying down	exercise
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	nap
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	take a painkiller
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	cold compress
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	relax
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	lie down
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	rub temples
other than take aspirin, name something people do for a headache.	meditate
real or fictional, name something you would want with you in an emergency.	superman
real or fictional, name something you would want with you in an emergency.	mom
real or fictional, name something you would want with you in an emergency.	spouse
real or fictional, name something you would want with you in an emergency.	doctor
real or fictional, name something you would want with you in an emergency.	god
real or fictional, name something you would want with you in an emergency.	batman
tell me a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	dump truck
tell me a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	fire engine
tell me a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	tractor
tell me a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	police car
tell me a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	bulldozer
tell me something you would never borrow from your close friend	money
tell me something you would never borrow from your close friend	underwear
tell me something you would never borrow from your close friend	toothbrush
tell me something you would never borrow from your close friend	mate
tell me something you would never borrow from your close friend	car
tell me something you might see on a trip to new york city.	broadway
tell me something you might see on a trip to new york city.	central park
tell me something you might see on a trip to new york city.	statue of liberty
tell me something you might see on a trip to new york city.	empire state building
tell me something you might see on a trip to new york city.	times square
tell me something people are sometimes said to be under.	weather
tell me something people are sometimes said to be under.	influence
tell me something people are sometimes said to be under.	spell
tell me something people are sometimes said to be under.	pressure
tell me something people are sometimes said to be under.	age
tell me something you think of when you think of ireland.	leprechauns
tell me something you think of when you think of ireland.	alcohol
tell me something you think of when you think of ireland.	four leaf clover
tell me something you think of when you think of ireland.	shamrocks
tell me something you think of when you think of ireland.	green
tell me something you think of when you think of ireland.	st. patrick's day
tell me something a mom might hear that tells her the kids are up to no good?	silence
tell me something a mom might hear that tells her the kids are up to no good?	giggling
tell me something a mom might hear that tells her the kids are up to no good?	whispering
tell me something a mom might hear that tells her the kids are up to no good?	crash
tell me something a mom might hear that tells her the kids are up to no good?	screaming
what song do you think santa claus has as his cell phone ringtone	jingle bells
what song do you think santa claus has as his cell phone ringtone	santa claus is coming
what song do you think santa claus has as his cell phone ringtone	rudolph
what song do you think santa claus has as his cell phone ringtone	here comes santa claus
what song do you think santa claus has as his cell phone ringtone	santa baby
what might somebody do while driving that would make you think they're probably arrogant?	speed
what might somebody do while driving that would make you think they're probably arrogant?	cut you off
what might somebody do while driving that would make you think they're probably arrogant?	honk
what might somebody do while driving that would make you think they're probably arrogant?	talk on phone
what might somebody do while driving that would make you think they're probably arrogant?	tailgate
what might somebody do while driving that would make you think they're probably arrogant?	apply make up
what does a model need in order to be successful?	good looks
what does a model need in order to be successful?	height
what does a model need in order to be successful?	agent
what does a model need in order to be successful?	stylish clothes
what does a model need in order to be successful?	strut
what does a model need in order to be successful?	confidence
what might you do before bed if you don't want anything to wake you up in the morning?	turn off alarm
what might you do before bed if you don't want anything to wake you up in the morning?	put in ear plugs
what might you do before bed if you don't want anything to wake you up in the morning?	close bedroom door
what might you do before bed if you don't want anything to wake you up in the morning?	turn off phone
what might you do before bed if you don't want anything to wake you up in the morning?	take a sleep aid
what might you do before bed if you don't want anything to wake you up in the morning?	close shades
what might parents be caught doing that causes their kid to bust them for doing santa's job?	set gifts under tree
what might parents be caught doing that causes their kid to bust them for doing santa's job?	wrapping gifts
what might parents be caught doing that causes their kid to bust them for doing santa's job?	eating cookies
what might parents be caught doing that causes their kid to bust them for doing santa's job?	buying/hiding gifts
what do a lot of people eat on christmas	turkey
what do a lot of people eat on christmas	ham
what do a lot of people eat on christmas	cookies
what do a lot of people eat on christmas	candy
what do a lot of people eat on christmas	fruitcake
when you move to a new city, name something that you have to fine a new one of.	house
when you move to a new city, name something that you have to fine a new one of.	doctor
when you move to a new city, name something that you have to fine a new one of.	store
when you move to a new city, name something that you have to fine a new one of.	bank
when you move to a new city, name something that you have to fine a new one of.	restaurant
when you move to a new city, name something that you have to fine a new one of.	job
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	cook/bake
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	housework
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	birth/raise kids
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	shop
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	drive
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	talk/nag
we surveyed 100 men...name something women can do better than most men.	think rationally
we surveyed 100 married women...if you could hypnotize your husband, name something you would make him do for you.	you will clean
we surveyed 100 married women...if you could hypnotize your husband, name something you would make him do for you.	you'll buy gifts
we surveyed 100 married women...if you could hypnotize your husband, name something you would make him do for you.	you will cook
we surveyed 100 married women...if you could hypnotize your husband, name something you would make him do for you.	you'll make love
we surveyed 100 married women...if you could hypnotize your husband, name something you would make him do for you.	you will massage
when you're on the road and you look into the car next to you, what is the driver usually doing?	talking/on phone
when you're on the road and you look into the car next to you, what is the driver usually doing?	looking ahead
when you're on the road and you look into the car next to you, what is the driver usually doing?	picking his nose
when you're on the road and you look into the car next to you, what is the driver usually doing?	looking at you
when you're on the road and you look into the car next to you, what is the driver usually doing?	music/singing
when you're on the road and you look into the car next to you, what is the driver usually doing?	eating/drinking
we surveyed 100 men...name an article of clothing you'd like to wear most if you had to dress up like a woman.	dress
we surveyed 100 men...name an article of clothing you'd like to wear most if you had to dress up like a woman.	heels/shoes
we surveyed 100 men...name an article of clothing you'd like to wear most if you had to dress up like a woman.	panties/thong
we surveyed 100 men...name an article of clothing you'd like to wear most if you had to dress up like a woman.	bra
we surveyed 100 men...name an article of clothing you'd like to wear most if you had to dress up like a woman.	skirt
women can never have too many purses. what's something men can never have enough of?	clothes
women can never have too many purses. what's something men can never have enough of?	women
women can never have too many purses. what's something men can never have enough of?	money
women can never have too many purses. what's something men can never have enough of?	tools
women can never have too many purses. what's something men can never have enough of?	cars
after the bills have been paid name something families do with the money left over.	go out to eat
after the bills have been paid name something families do with the money left over.	go on vacation
after the bills have been paid name something families do with the money left over.	go shopping
after the bills have been paid name something families do with the money left over.	save it
besides photos, name something someone would include in their scrapbook.	letters
besides photos, name something someone would include in their scrapbook.	stickers
besides photos, name something someone would include in their scrapbook.	hair
besides photos, name something someone would include in their scrapbook.	ticket stubs
besides photos, name something someone would include in their scrapbook.	drawings
besides photos, name something someone would include in their scrapbook.	news clippings
besides salt and pepper, name a seasoning everyone keeps in their kitchen.	garlic
besides salt and pepper, name a seasoning everyone keeps in their kitchen.	cinnamon
besides salt and pepper, name a seasoning everyone keeps in their kitchen.	paprika
besides salt and pepper, name a seasoning everyone keeps in their kitchen.	oregano
besides salt and pepper, name a seasoning everyone keeps in their kitchen.	chili powder
besides salt and pepper, name a seasoning everyone keeps in their kitchen.	basil
early in dating someone, name something you shouldn't do repeatedly unless the feelings are mutual	kiss
early in dating someone, name something you shouldn't do repeatedly unless the feelings are mutual	say " i love you"
early in dating someone, name something you shouldn't do repeatedly unless the feelings are mutual	touch
early in dating someone, name something you shouldn't do repeatedly unless the feelings are mutual	call
give a word to describe something that is untrue.	lie/liar
give a word to describe something that is untrue.	false/falsehood
give a word to describe something that is untrue.	fake
give a word to describe something that is untrue.	fib
instead of their first name, what might a parent shout when calling for their child?	whole name
instead of their first name, what might a parent shout when calling for their child?	nickname
instead of their first name, what might a parent shout when calling for their child?	hey
instead of their first name, what might a parent shout when calling for their child?	sibling's name
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	cheetah
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	horse
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	rabbit
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	jaguar
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	dog
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	tiger
if you were forming a relay race team which animals would you choose for teammates	lion
if a husband found out his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	cook dinner
if a husband found out his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	massage
if a person didn't trust the banks, where might they put their money?	coffee can
if a person didn't trust the banks, where might they put their money?	under mattress
if a person didn't trust the banks, where might they put their money?	freezer
if a person didn't trust the banks, where might they put their money?	piggy bank
if you were dating someone 10 years older, about what might you have different tastes?	music
if you were dating someone 10 years older, about what might you have different tastes?	food
if you were dating someone 10 years older, about what might you have different tastes?	clothes
if you were dating someone 10 years older, about what might you have different tastes?	movies
if you were dating someone 10 years older, about what might you have different tastes?	showing affection
name something you'd need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	pool
name something you'd need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	ball
name something you'd need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	swimsuit
name something you'd need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	net
name something you'd need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	goggles
name something a good neighborhood kid might do for his elderly neighbor	mow lawn
name something a good neighborhood kid might do for his elderly neighbor	take out trash
name something a good neighborhood kid might do for his elderly neighbor	rake leaves
name something a good neighborhood kid might do for his elderly neighbor	shovel snow
name a specific item that a woman might not want to wear when shes pregnant	bikini
name a specific item that a woman might not want to wear when shes pregnant	jeans
name a specific item that a woman might not want to wear when shes pregnant	high heels
name a specific item that a woman might not want to wear when shes pregnant	mini skirt
name a specific item that a woman might not want to wear when shes pregnant	spandex
name something a doctor might ask a patient to do during a checkup.	breathe
name something a doctor might ask a patient to do during a checkup.	open mouth
name something a doctor might ask a patient to do during a checkup.	take off clothes
name something a doctor might ask a patient to do during a checkup.	stand up
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	money
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	free drink
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	job
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	pass on speeding ticket
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	phone number
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	car
name something a beautiful woman might flirt with someone in order to get	jewelry
name a salty food thats hard to stop eating once you start	potato chips
name a salty food thats hard to stop eating once you start	peanuts
name a salty food thats hard to stop eating once you start	popcorn
name a salty food thats hard to stop eating once you start	french fries
name a salty food thats hard to stop eating once you start	pretzels
name something people carry on their shoulders.	backpacks
name something people carry on their shoulders.	purses
name something people carry on their shoulders.	kids
name something people carry on their shoulders.	monkey
name something people carry on their shoulders.	weight of the world
name something a slob might never clean	bedroom
name something a slob might never clean	bathroom
name something a slob might never clean	kitchen
name something a slob might never clean	car
name something a slob might never clean	clothes
name something a slob might never clean	himself/herself
name something that's made with bananas.	banana split
name something that's made with bananas.	banana pudding
name something that's made with bananas.	banana cream pie
name something that's made with bananas.	banana bread
name a type of vehicle that's noisier than the average car.	semi truck
name a type of vehicle that's noisier than the average car.	motorcycle
name a type of vehicle that's noisier than the average car.	bus
name a type of vehicle that's noisier than the average car.	train
name a household chore that you do your best thinking while doing	dishes
name a household chore that you do your best thinking while doing	ironing
name a household chore that you do your best thinking while doing	sweeping
name a household chore that you do your best thinking while doing	vacuuming
name a household chore that you do your best thinking while doing	dusting
name a household chore that you do your best thinking while doing	laundry
name a complaint a person might have about their cable tv company.	bad reception
name a complaint a person might have about their cable tv company.	cost to much
name a complaint a person might have about their cable tv company.	bad service
name a complaint a person might have about their cable tv company.	not enough channels
name something parents say is too short.	childhood
name something parents say is too short.	daughter's skirt
name something parents say is too short.	summer/school calendar
name something parents say is too short.	money
name something parents say is too short.	life
name something parents say is too short.	fuse/temper
name something youd love to wake up to the smell of more specific than food	coffee
name something youd love to wake up to the smell of more specific than food	bacon
name something youd love to wake up to the smell of more specific than food	flowers
name something youd love to wake up to the smell of more specific than food	pancakes
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	churn butter
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	carry water
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	handwash clothes
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	milk cows
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	farm work
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	chop wood
name a chore people had to do during colonial times that we dont do any more	hunt
name a reason why you might not get a good night's sleep while staying at someone else's house	not your own bed
name a reason why you might not get a good night's sleep while staying at someone else's house	noisy house
name a reason why you might not get a good night's sleep while staying at someone else's house	host has pets
name a reason why you might not get a good night's sleep while staying at someone else's house	house is unfamiliar
name a reason why you might not get a good night's sleep while staying at someone else's house	homesick
name something every professional boxer needs.	gloves
name something every professional boxer needs.	trainer
name something every professional boxer needs.	mouth guard
name something every professional boxer needs.	cup
name something every professional boxer needs.	stamina
name something every professional boxer needs.	speed
name a beverage that's not sweet	coffee
name a beverage that's not sweet	water
name a beverage that's not sweet	tea
name a beverage that's not sweet	beer
name a beverage that's not sweet	milk
name something youll find on the breakfast menu no matter what kind of restaurant youre at	eggs
name something youll find on the breakfast menu no matter what kind of restaurant youre at	coffee
name something youll find on the breakfast menu no matter what kind of restaurant youre at	pancakes
name something youll find on the breakfast menu no matter what kind of restaurant youre at	bacon
name something youll find on the breakfast menu no matter what kind of restaurant youre at	juice
name something youll find on the breakfast menu no matter what kind of restaurant youre at	toast
name a specific person youd ask to help you move if you were in a jam	friend
name a specific person youd ask to help you move if you were in a jam	parent
name a specific person youd ask to help you move if you were in a jam	sibling
name a word or phrase that ends in phobia	arachnophobia
name a word or phrase that ends in phobia	agoraphobia
name a word or phrase that ends in phobia	claustrophobia
name a word or phrase that ends in phobia	germophobia
name something you would allow the house sitter to use while at your place	phone
name something you would allow the house sitter to use while at your place	tv
name something you would allow the house sitter to use while at your place	bathroom
name something you would allow the house sitter to use while at your place	computer
name something you would allow the house sitter to use while at your place	bed
name something a man might try to keep covered during a first date.	tattoo
name something a man might try to keep covered during a first date.	acne
name something a man might try to keep covered during a first date.	bald spot
name something a man might try to keep covered during a first date.	wedding ring
name something a man might try to keep covered during a first date.	belly
name a way that a mans voice might change when talking to his love interest	deepens
name a way that a mans voice might change when talking to his love interest	softer
name a way that a mans voice might change when talking to his love interest	nervous stutter
name a way that a mans voice might change when talking to his love interest	higher pitch
name a way that a mans voice might change when talking to his love interest	crack
name an animal whose head you might see on the wall of a hunters den	deer
name an animal whose head you might see on the wall of a hunters den	moose
name an animal whose head you might see on the wall of a hunters den	bear
name an animal whose head you might see on the wall of a hunters den	bull
name an animal whose head you might see on the wall of a hunters den	raccoon
name an animal whose head you might see on the wall of a hunters den	antelope
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	pen
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	hat
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	shirt
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	food service
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	magnet
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	cup
name an item a company might put their logo on and give out for free	key chain
name the first animal you picture when you think of a farm	cow
name the first animal you picture when you think of a farm	pig
name the first animal you picture when you think of a farm	horse
name the first animal you picture when you think of a farm	chicken
name something you hope that the people you're housesitting for have in their home.	food/drinks
name something you hope that the people you're housesitting for have in their home.	cable tv
name something you hope that the people you're housesitting for have in their home.	hot tub/pool
name something you hope that the people you're housesitting for have in their home.	alarm
name something you hope that the people you're housesitting for have in their home.	internet access
name something you hope that the people you're housesitting for have in their home.	air conditioning
name something risky that most people do at least once in their lifetimes.	skydive
name something risky that most people do at least once in their lifetimes.	fly
name something risky that most people do at least once in their lifetimes.	get married
name something risky that most people do at least once in their lifetimes.	bungee jump
name something risky that most people do at least once in their lifetimes.	gamble
name something people do in december in order to get in the holiday spirit	decorate
name something people do in december in order to get in the holiday spirit	buy gifts
name something people do in december in order to get in the holiday spirit	sing carols
name something people do in december in order to get in the holiday spirit	put up tree
name something people do in december in order to get in the holiday spirit	listen to music
name something people put on their french fries.	ketchup
name something people put on their french fries.	salt
name an expensive item that's often marked way down at a pre-christmas sale	tv
name an expensive item that's often marked way down at a pre-christmas sale	computer
name an expensive item that's often marked way down at a pre-christmas sale	jewelry
name an expensive item that's often marked way down at a pre-christmas sale	camera
name an expensive item that's often marked way down at a pre-christmas sale	video game system
name an expensive item that's often marked way down at a pre-christmas sale	article of clothing
name something you might drive over that would cause a bumpy ride	bumps
name something you might drive over that would cause a bumpy ride	pot holl
name something you might drive over that would cause a bumpy ride	gravel road
name something you might drive over that would cause a bumpy ride	rocks
name something you might drive over that would cause a bumpy ride	railroad track
name something you might pay extra for when renting a car	insurance
name something you might pay extra for when renting a car	better stereo
name something you might pay extra for when renting a car	milage fees
name something you might pay extra for when renting a car	bigger car
name something you might pay extra for when renting a car	gps
name something you do to try and wake up your leg after it has fallen asleep.	shake it
name something you do to try and wake up your leg after it has fallen asleep.	walk
name something you do to try and wake up your leg after it has fallen asleep.	hit it
name something you do to try and wake up your leg after it has fallen asleep.	rub it
name something you do to try and wake up your leg after it has fallen asleep.	jump
name something you do to try and wake up your leg after it has fallen asleep.	stomp it
name a place in the car where people hide their valuables.	glove box
name a place in the car where people hide their valuables.	trunk
name a place in the car where people hide their valuables.	under seat
name a place in the car where people hide their valuables.	console
name something you do to prepare for out-of-town visitors.	clean
name something you do to prepare for out-of-town visitors.	cook
name something you do to prepare for out-of-town visitors.	buy food
name something you do to prepare for out-of-town visitors.	freshen up room
name something that you'd be asked to stop doing in a movie theater	kissing
name something that you'd be asked to stop doing in a movie theater	throwing popcorn
name something that you'd be asked to stop doing in a movie theater	smoking
name something that you'd be asked to stop doing in a movie theater	laughing
name someone you leave a tip for.	server
name someone you leave a tip for.	send us your answers!
name a job that involves a lot of driving.	truck driver
name a job that involves a lot of driving.	send us your answers!
name something that a guy who's competitive hates to lose.	game
name something that a guy who's competitive hates to lose.	girl
name something that a guy who's competitive hates to lose.	anything
name something that a guy who's competitive hates to lose.	race
name something that a guy who's competitive hates to lose.	looks
name something that a guy who's competitive hates to lose.	argument
name something that happens in the fall	leaves turn color
name something that happens in the fall	school starts
name something that a dog hates having done to it.	bathed
name something that a dog hates having done to it.	nails clipped
name something you have that you wish was bigger.	house
name something you have that you wish was bigger.	cars
name a sport that can be played both indoors and outdoors.	basketball
name a sport that can be played both indoors and outdoors.	hockey
name a country that produces a lot of oil.	saudi arabia
name a country that produces a lot of oil.	iraq
name a country that produces a lot of oil.	usa
name something people chew on but do not swallow.	send us your answers!
name something people chew on but do not swallow.	bubble gum
name someone you'd want your daughter to grow up to be like.	mother
name someone you'd want your daughter to grow up to be like.	oprah winfrey
name someone you'd want your daughter to grow up to be like.	grandmother
name someone you'd want your daughter to grow up to be like.	hillary clinton
name someone you'd want your daughter to grow up to be like.	mother teresa
name someone you'd want your daughter to grow up to be like.	herself
name a food that you hope scientists will someday discover is good for you.	chocolate
name a food that you hope scientists will someday discover is good for you.	pizza
name a food that you hope scientists will someday discover is good for you.	cheeseburger
name a food that you hope scientists will someday discover is good for you.	icecream
name a food that you hope scientists will someday discover is good for you.	steak
name a food that you hope scientists will someday discover is good for you.	pastry
name a country that doesn't win many medals at the summer olympics.	finland
name a country that doesn't win many medals at the summer olympics.	norway
name a country that doesn't win many medals at the summer olympics.	germany
name a country that doesn't win many medals at the summer olympics.	canada
name a country that doesn't win many medals at the summer olympics.	sweden
name something you buy and only use in the summer.	swimsuit
name something you buy and only use in the summer.	swimming pool
name something you buy and only use in the summer.	sunscreen
name something you buy and only use in the summer.	boat
name something you buy and only use in the summer.	shorts
name a way to wake a deep sleeper.	pour cold water
name a way to wake a deep sleeper.	shake them
name a way to wake a deep sleeper.	hit/slap them
name a way to wake a deep sleeper.	yell/loud noise
name a way to wake a deep sleeper.	kiss them
name something you might have trouble focusing.	camera
name something you might have trouble focusing.	eyes
name something you might have trouble focusing.	binoculars
name something you might have trouble focusing.	telescope
name something you might have trouble focusing.	work
name something you might have trouble focusing.	microscope
name something every village has at least one of.	idiot
name something every village has at least one of.	homes
name something every village has at least one of.	leader
name something every village has at least one of.	grocery store
name something every village has at least one of.	doctor
name something every village has at least one of.	drunk
name something you might throw out when you get divorced.	photos
name something you might throw out when you get divorced.	clothes
name something you might throw out when you get divorced.	ring
name something you might throw out when you get divorced.	bed
name a complaint people have about city streets.	potholes/rough
name a complaint people have about city streets.	dirty/litter
name a complaint people have about city streets.	traffic/congested
name a complaint people have about city streets.	not wide enough
name a complaint people have about city streets.	limited parking
name a complaint people have about city streets.	not well lit
name a food people buy by the bag.	potato chips
name a food people buy by the bag.	fruit
name a food people buy by the bag.	potatoes
name a food people buy by the bag.	nuts
name a food people buy by the bag.	rice
name a food people buy by the bag.	dog food
name a food people buy by the bag.	onions
name a food people buy by the bag.	popcorn
name something that might flop.	movie
name something that might flop.	cake
name something that might flop.	business
name something that might flop.	flip-flops
name something that might flop.	fish
name something that might flop.	play
name something that might flop.	date
name any piece in a game of chess.	pawn
name any piece in a game of chess.	king
name any piece in a game of chess.	queen
name any piece in a game of chess.	knight
name any piece in a game of chess.	castle
name any piece in a game of chess.	bishop
name something people think is bad luck.	black cats crossing
name something people think is bad luck.	break mirror
name something people think is bad luck.	walking under ladder
name something people think is bad luck.	friday the 13th
name something people think is bad luck.	thirteen
name a reason you might receive flowers.	valentines day
name a reason you might receive flowers.	birthday
name a reason you might receive flowers.	anniversary
name a reason you might receive flowers.	sick
name a way that you can identify the school bully.	mean
name a way that you can identify the school bully.	steals lunch money
name a way that you can identify the school bully.	big
name a way that you can identify the school bully.	always in fights
name a way that you can identify the school bully.	name-calling
name a way that you can identify the school bully.	gives wedgies
name something you think your partner should pay you for.	cooking
name something you think your partner should pay you for.	cleaning
name something you think your partner should pay you for.	laundry
name something you might put on your lap.	cat
name something you might put on your lap.	baby
name something you might put on your lap.	dog
name something you might put on your lap.	bag
name something you might put on your lap.	hands
name something you might put on your lap.	laptop
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	stay out late
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	talk back
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	ignore them
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	play loud music
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	messy room
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	lie
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	roll their eyes
name something teenagers do on purpose to tick off their parents.	sneak out
name something in your house that you wouldn't see on a pirate ship.	television
name something in your house that you wouldn't see on a pirate ship.	bathroom
name something in your house that you wouldn't see on a pirate ship.	refrigerator
name something in your house that you wouldn't see on a pirate ship.	stove
name something in your house that you wouldn't see on a pirate ship.	shower
name something in your house that you wouldn't see on a pirate ship.	microwave
name a james bond theme.	goldfinger
name a james bond theme.	007
name a james bond theme.	goldeneye
name a james bond theme.	live and let die
name a james bond theme.	skyfall
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	class
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	movie
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	church
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	doctor
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	tv show
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	opera
name something that's hard for a little kid to sit through.	dinner
name something a vampire hates.	sunlight
name something a vampire hates.	garlic
name something a vampire hates.	crucifix
name something a vampire hates.	wooden stakes
name something a vampire hates.	holy water
name something a vampire hates.	mirrors
name something kids ask for that moms have a hard time saying no to.	snacks
name something kids ask for that moms have a hard time saying no to.	toy
name something kids ask for that moms have a hard time saying no to.	money
name something kids ask for that moms have a hard time saying no to.	hugs/kisses
name a place where you might have to stand in line.	grocery store
name a place where you might have to stand in line.	concerts
name a place where you might have to stand in line.	bank
name a place where you might have to stand in line.	amusement park
name a place where you might have to stand in line.	movie theater
name a place where you might have to stand in line.	restaurant
name a reason you don't allow your kids to swim in the ocean.	sharks
name a reason you don't allow your kids to swim in the ocean.	can't swim/drown
name a reason you don't allow your kids to swim in the ocean.	waves/riptide
name a reason you don't allow your kids to swim in the ocean.	polluted water
name the gift women love men to give them.	flowers
name the gift women love men to give them.	perfume
name the gift women love men to give them.	jewelry
name the gift women love men to give them.	diamonds
name the gift women love men to give them.	chocolates
name a piece of jewelry women often lose.	earrings
name a piece of jewelry women often lose.	rings
name a piece of jewelry women often lose.	bracelet
name a piece of jewelry women often lose.	necklace
name a piece of jewelry women often lose.	watch
name something people might do when they retire.	travel
name something people might do when they retire.	move
name something people might do when they retire.	golf
name something people might do when they retire.	relax
name something people might do when they retire.	get a hobby
name something you use for company when you're home alone.	television
name something you use for company when you're home alone.	pets
name something you use for company when you're home alone.	music
name something you use for company when you're home alone.	phone
name something you use for company when you're home alone.	book
name something you use for company when you're home alone.	movies
name something you'd see in someone's shopping cart that would tell you that they're a parent.	diapers
name something you'd see in someone's shopping cart that would tell you that they're a parent.	formula
name something you'd see in someone's shopping cart that would tell you that they're a parent.	sugar cereal
name something you'd see in someone's shopping cart that would tell you that they're a parent.	toys
name something you'd see in someone's shopping cart that would tell you that they're a parent.	a child
name something you'd see in someone's shopping cart that would tell you that they're a parent.	snacks
name something santa probably does the other 364 days a year.	sleep
name something santa probably does the other 364 days a year.	makes toys
name an animal you hope never sits on you.	elephant
name an animal you hope never sits on you.	bear
name an animal you hope never sits on you.	hippopotamus
name an animal you hope never sits on you.	lion
name an animal you hope never sits on you.	skunk
name an animal you hope never sits on you.	porcupine
name a word that they use at a sporting event that's also used on family feud?	strike
name a word that they use at a sporting event that's also used on family feud?	winner
name a word that they use at a sporting event that's also used on family feud?	shake hands
name a word that they use at a sporting event that's also used on family feud?	good
name a word that they use at a sporting event that's also used on family feud?	score
name a word that they use at a sporting event that's also used on family feud?	lost
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	clothes
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	looks
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	cheap
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	manners
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	hair
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	car
name something that a picky girl always finds wrong with her date:	personality
name something people stick their fingers in that they shouldn't.	food/drink
name something people stick their fingers in that they shouldn't.	nose
name something people stick their fingers in that they shouldn't.	electric socket
name something people stick their fingers in that they shouldn't.	mouth
name something people stick their fingers in that they shouldn't.	garbage disposal
name something people stick their fingers in that they shouldn't.	ears
name something people get autographed.	hardball
name something people get autographed.	ball
name something people get autographed.	book
name something people get autographed.	football
name something people get autographed.	softball
name something people get autographed.	picture
name something people get autographed.	signature book
name something people get autographed.	autograph book
name something people get autographed.	shot
name something people get autographed.	photo
name something people get autographed.	painting
name something people get autographed.	art
name something people get autographed.	drawing
name something people get autographed.	baseball card
name something people get autographed.	sports card
name something people get autographed.	card
name something people get autographed.	football card
name something people get autographed.	hockey card
name something people get autographed.	tee shirt
name something people get autographed.	t-shirt
name something people get autographed.	casts
name something people get autographed.	splints
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	toy/ball
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	rock/pebble
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	animal/pet
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	hose
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	cord/wire
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	stick/branch
name something you've accidentally run over with your lawn mower.	flowers
name something you see at a party that lets you know you'll have a great time.	alcohol
name something you see at a party that lets you know you'll have a great time.	friends
name something you see at a party that lets you know you'll have a great time.	music/dancing
name something you see at a party that lets you know you'll have a great time.	food
name a country an art student might want to visit.	france
name a country an art student might want to visit.	italy
name a country an art student might want to visit.	mexico
name a country an art student might want to visit.	greece
name a country an art student might want to visit.	spain
name something a baby will not remember about their first birthday party.	cake
name something a baby will not remember about their first birthday party.	presents/toys
name something a baby will not remember about their first birthday party.	the party
name something a baby will not remember about their first birthday party.	guests
name something you hate getting in your mailbox.	bills
name something you hate getting in your mailbox.	junk mail
name something you hate getting in your mailbox.	ads
name something you hate getting in your mailbox.	tax bill
name something you hate getting in your mailbox.	magazine
name something you hate getting in your mailbox.	credit application
name something men often carry in their pockets.	cash
name something men often carry in their pockets.	wallet
name something men often carry in their pockets.	money
name something men often carry in their pockets.	currency
name something men often carry in their pockets.	keys
name something men often carry in their pockets.	swiss army knife
name something men often carry in their pockets.	pocketknife
name something men often carry in their pockets.	pocket knife
name something men often carry in their pockets.	knife
name something men often carry in their pockets.	jackknife
name something men often carry in their pockets.	phone
name something men often carry in their pockets.	mobile
name something men often carry in their pockets.	telephone
name something men often carry in their pockets.	cell phone
name something men often carry in their pockets.	handkerchief
name something men often carry in their pockets.	kerchief
name a bad job for someone who hates kids.	teacher
name a bad job for someone who hates kids.	day care employee
name a bad job for someone who hates kids.	the babysitter
name a bad job for someone who hates kids.	pediatrician
name a bad job for someone who hates kids.	clown
name something people pour milk in at breakfast.	cereal
name something people pour milk in at breakfast.	glass
name something people pour milk in at breakfast.	oatmeal
name something people pour milk in at breakfast.	coffee
name something people pour milk in at breakfast.	pancake mix
name something people pour milk in at breakfast.	tea
name something that would ruin a cruise.	illness
name something that would ruin a cruise.	rain
name something that would ruin a cruise.	shipwreck
name something that would ruin a cruise.	hurricanes
name something that would ruin a cruise.	bad food
name something that would ruin a cruise.	rough seas
name a device that you seriously think you could not live without.	television
name a device that you seriously think you could not live without.	telephone
name a device that you seriously think you could not live without.	stove
name a device that you seriously think you could not live without.	can opener
name a device that you seriously think you could not live without.	radio
name a device that you seriously think you could not live without.	computer
name a company that's famous for making car tires.	firestone
name a company that's famous for making car tires.	goodyear
name something a person needs to host a game show.	microphone
name something a person needs to host a game show.	personality
name something a person needs to host a game show.	great voice
name something a person needs to host a game show.	contestants
name something a person needs to host a game show.	confidence
name something a person needs to host a game show.	sense of humor
name something padded:	bra
name something padded:	cell
name something padded:	chair
name something padded:	football uniform
name something padded:	mattress
name something padded:	dashboard
name something you might do on a day you know your boss is not coming to work.	relax/do nothing
name something you might do on a day you know your boss is not coming to work.	come in late
name something you might do on a day you know your boss is not coming to work.	stay home
name something you might do on a day you know your boss is not coming to work.	talk on phone
name something you might do on a day you know your boss is not coming to work.	leave early
name something you might do on a day you know your boss is not coming to work.	dress grubby
name something you keep in a garden shed.	spade
name something you keep in a garden shed.	rake
name something you keep in a garden shed.	lawn mower
name something you keep in a garden shed.	garden hose
name something you keep in a garden shed.	fertilizer
name something people are born with a talent for.	singing/music
name something people are born with a talent for.	painting/drawing
name something people are born with a talent for.	talking/speaking
name something people are born with a talent for.	athletic ability
name something people are born with a talent for.	eating
name something people are born with a talent for.	dancing
name something you are not supposed to do around the pool.	running
name something you are not supposed to do around the pool.	diving
name something you are not supposed to do around the pool.	pee
name something you are not supposed to do around the pool.	be nude
name something you are not supposed to do around the pool.	horse play
name something you are not supposed to do around the pool.	drinking
name a dance that you'd never see someone do at a dance club.	waltz
name a dance that you'd never see someone do at a dance club.	chicken dance
name a dance that you'd never see someone do at a dance club.	hokey pokey
name a dance that you'd never see someone do at a dance club.	tango
name a dance that you'd never see someone do at a dance club.	macarena
name a dance that you'd never see someone do at a dance club.	cha cha
name a reason a kid might not be able to go outside.	rain/bad weather
name a reason a kid might not be able to go outside.	being punished
name a reason a kid might not be able to go outside.	sick
name a reason a kid might not be able to go outside.	dark/dangerous
name something people learn by watching an instructional video.	aerobics
name something people learn by watching an instructional video.	home improvement
name something people learn by watching an instructional video.	computer
name something people learn by watching an instructional video.	cooking
name something people learn by watching an instructional video.	golf
name something people learn by watching an instructional video.	how to make money
name something you put sugar in.	tea
name something you put sugar in.	coffee
name something you put sugar in.	jar
name something you put sugar in.	cake mix
name something you put sugar in.	bowl
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	bread
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	bananas
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	cookies
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	crisps
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	potato chips
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	canned goods
name a food that does not need to be refrigerated.	cereal
name something people pat their pockets to find:	keys
name something people pat their pockets to find:	wallet
name something people pat their pockets to find:	money
name something people pat their pockets to find:	pen
name a staple of a college student's diet.	ramen
name a staple of a college student's diet.	pizza
name a staple of a college student's diet.	pasta
name a staple of a college student's diet.	potato chips
name a staple of a college student's diet.	hamburgers
name an animal some people look like when they pucker up for a kiss.	monkey/ape
name an animal some people look like when they pucker up for a kiss.	fish
name an animal some people look like when they pucker up for a kiss.	dog
name an animal some people look like when they pucker up for a kiss.	pig
name an animal some people look like when they pucker up for a kiss.	camel
name an animal some people look like when they pucker up for a kiss.	anteater
name something golfers might lose during a round of golf.	ball
name something golfers might lose during a round of golf.	tee
name something golfers might lose during a round of golf.	temper
name something golfers might lose during a round of golf.	clubs
name a public place where wimpy parents let their children act up.	mall/store
name a public place where wimpy parents let their children act up.	park/playground
name a public place where wimpy parents let their children act up.	restaurant
name a public place where wimpy parents let their children act up.	amusement park
name a public place where wimpy parents let their children act up.	movie theater
name something you might bring on a date.	cash
name something you might bring on a date.	flower
name something you might bring on a date.	phone
name something you might bring on a date.	breath mints
name something you might bring on a date.	lip balm
name something a person has for thanksgiving, if they're all alone.	tv dinner
name something a person has for thanksgiving, if they're all alone.	turkey
name something a person has for thanksgiving, if they're all alone.	sandwich
name something a person has for thanksgiving, if they're all alone.	pie
name something a person has for thanksgiving, if they're all alone.	take out
other than a type of food name a spanish word that most people know.	hola
other than a type of food name a spanish word that most people know.	si
other than a type of food name a spanish word that most people know.	adios
other than a type of food name a spanish word that most people know.	uno
other than a type of food name a spanish word that most people know.	gracias
other than a type of food name a spanish word that most people know.	casa
real or fictional name of someone who has a lot of muscles.	arnold schwarzenegger
real or fictional name of someone who has a lot of muscles.	incredible hulk
real or fictional name of someone who has a lot of muscles.	popey
tell me something you would see in a blues brothers movie.	sunglasses
tell me something you would see in a blues brothers movie.	dancing
tell me something you would see in a blues brothers movie.	hats
tell me something you would see in a blues brothers movie.	musical insruments
tell me something you would see in a blues brothers movie.	black suits
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	drinking
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	hair styling
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	going out/partying
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	makeup
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	eating junk food
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	smoking
tell me something you overdid as a teenager that you can laugh about today	dieting/exercise
tell me a famous person with the last name nelson	ricky nelson
tell me a famous person with the last name nelson	willie nelson
they call themselves stay-at-home moms, but where are they?	shopping
they call themselves stay-at-home moms, but where are they?	home
they call themselves stay-at-home moms, but where are they?	in the car
they call themselves stay-at-home moms, but where are they?	out
they call themselves stay-at-home moms, but where are they?	everywhere
they call themselves stay-at-home moms, but where are they?	park
tell me a name that could be used for either a man or a woman.	toni
tell me a name that could be used for either a man or a woman.	chris
tell me a name that could be used for either a man or a woman.	brandy
tell me a name that could be used for either a man or a woman.	jamie
tell me a name that could be used for either a man or a woman.	shawn
tell me a name that could be used for either a man or a woman.	alex
tell me something people do in the woods.	camp
tell me something people do in the woods.	hunt
tell me something people do in the woods.	hike
tell me something people do in the woods.	"tinkle"
tell me something people do in the woods.	make a fire
what are the most common terms of endearment used when a person is talking to their partner	honey
what are the most common terms of endearment used when a person is talking to their partner	love
what are the most common terms of endearment used when a person is talking to their partner	baby
what are the most common terms of endearment used when a person is talking to their partner	dear
what are the most common terms of endearment used when a person is talking to their partner	sweetheart
what might someone leave out of a personals ad, that would make you think they were hiding something?	age
what might someone leave out of a personals ad, that would make you think they were hiding something?	weight
what might someone leave out of a personals ad, that would make you think they were hiding something?	marital status
what might someone leave out of a personals ad, that would make you think they were hiding something?	gender
what might someone leave out of a personals ad, that would make you think they were hiding something?	photo
what was the last item on which you spent at least $500?	car
what was the last item on which you spent at least $500?	tv
what was the last item on which you spent at least $500?	computer
what was the last item on which you spent at least $500?	clothes
why might a person only be allowed a limited number of phone calls?	in jail
why might a person only be allowed a limited number of phone calls?	too expensive
why might a person only be allowed a limited number of phone calls?	grounded
why might a person only be allowed a limited number of phone calls?	at work
which occupation would you expect a guy named poindexter to have?	scientist
which occupation would you expect a guy named poindexter to have?	accountant
which occupation would you expect a guy named poindexter to have?	computer programer/tech
which occupation would you expect a guy named poindexter to have?	teacher
which occupation would you expect a guy named poindexter to have?	lawyer
we surveyed 100 men...name something some women do way too fast.	talk
we surveyed 100 men...name something some women do way too fast.	drive
we surveyed 100 men...name something some women do way too fast.	shop/spend money
we surveyed 100 men...name something some women do way too fast.	get mad/argue
we surveyed 100 men...name something some women do way too fast.	fall in love
we surveyed 100 men...name something some women do way too fast.	make love
when shopping at a store, what would you do if your credit card was declined?	pay cash
when shopping at a store, what would you do if your credit card was declined?	another card
when shopping at a store, what would you do if your credit card was declined?	leave
when shopping at a store, what would you do if your credit card was declined?	embarrassed
when shopping at a store, what would you do if your credit card was declined?	reswipe
when shopping at a store, what would you do if your credit card was declined?	act surprised
when in las vegas, name something a wife might do while her husband gambles.	shop
when in las vegas, name something a wife might do while her husband gambles.	see shows
when in las vegas, name something a wife might do while her husband gambles.	play slots/gamble
when in las vegas, name something a wife might do while her husband gambles.	walk/sightsee
when in las vegas, name something a wife might do while her husband gambles.	drink
when in las vegas, name something a wife might do while her husband gambles.	get massage/spa
what might be served if the u.s. were still a british colony?	tea
what might be served if the u.s. were still a british colony?	fish and chips
what might be served if the u.s. were still a british colony?	bangers and mash
what might be served if the u.s. were still a british colony?	crumpets
what might be served if the u.s. were still a british colony?	baked beans
who on "american idol" deserves to be paid the most?	simon cowell
who on "american idol" deserves to be paid the most?	no one
who on "american idol" deserves to be paid the most?	ryan seacrest
who on "american idol" deserves to be paid the most?	paula abdul
who on "american idol" deserves to be paid the most?	contestants
who on "american idol" deserves to be paid the most?	audience
according to men: what do some women do way too fast?	talk
according to men: what do some women do way too fast?	drive
according to men: what do some women do way too fast?	shop
according to men: what do some women do way too fast?	fall in love
according to men: what do some women do way too fast?	get upset
according to men: what do some women do way too fast?	marry
before visiting a new city name something for which you might get a recommendation	places to stay
before visiting a new city name something for which you might get a recommendation	restaurant
before visiting a new city name something for which you might get a recommendation	attraction
besides family, name someone rich people might leave money to in their will.	charity
besides family, name someone rich people might leave money to in their will.	lover
besides family, name someone rich people might leave money to in their will.	best friend
besides family, name someone rich people might leave money to in their will.	employees
besides drive it, name something you do to your car.	wash
besides drive it, name something you do to your car.	repair
besides drive it, name something you do to your car.	gas
besides drive it, name something you do to your car.	change oil
for what reason might you suspect that the person you're dating is in the mob?	carries a gun
for what reason might you suspect that the person you're dating is in the mob?	lots of money
for what reason might you suspect that the person you're dating is in the mob?	italian accent
for what reason might you suspect that the person you're dating is in the mob?	black clothes
for what reason might you suspect that the person you're dating is in the mob?	secretive
how can you tell immediately that an e-mail is spam?	unknown sender
how can you tell immediately that an e-mail is spam?	no subject
how can you tell immediately that an e-mail is spam?	goes to junk
how can you tell immediately that an e-mail is spam?	virus alert
if you went out with santa claus, what might you do on your first date?	sleigh ride
if you went out with santa claus, what might you do on your first date?	make toys
if you went out with santa claus, what might you do on your first date?	eat cookies
if you went out with santa claus, what might you do on your first date?	deliver presents
if you went out with santa claus, what might you do on your first date?	sit on his lap
if you went out with santa claus, what might you do on your first date?	go to north pole
if a groom was extremely nervous about getting married, what might he do at the alter?	faint
if a groom was extremely nervous about getting married, what might he do at the alter?	sweat
if a groom was extremely nervous about getting married, what might he do at the alter?	run
if a groom was extremely nervous about getting married, what might he do at the alter?	cry
instead of playing with their gift, which packaging item might a toddler choose to play with instead.	box
instead of playing with their gift, which packaging item might a toddler choose to play with instead.	wrapping paper
instead of playing with their gift, which packaging item might a toddler choose to play with instead.	bow
instead of playing with their gift, which packaging item might a toddler choose to play with instead.	bubble wrap
if you had to be locked inside a building for a year which place would you want it to be	shopping center
if you had to be locked inside a building for a year which place would you want it to be	restaurant
if you had to be locked inside a building for a year which place would you want it to be	grocery store
if you had to be locked inside a building for a year which place would you want it to be	home
if you had to be locked inside a building for a year which place would you want it to be	hotel
if you were a 7 foot tall man, name a question you'd get tired of hearing.	how tall are you
if you were a 7 foot tall man, name a question you'd get tired of hearing.	how's weather
if you were a 7 foot tall man, name a question you'd get tired of hearing.	play basketball
if you were a 7 foot tall man, name a question you'd get tired of hearing.	why so tall
if you were a 7 foot tall man, name a question you'd get tired of hearing.	can you get that
if a bad magician yanked a tablecloth from a fully set table, name something that might hit the ground.	plate
if a bad magician yanked a tablecloth from a fully set table, name something that might hit the ground.	glass
if a bad magician yanked a tablecloth from a fully set table, name something that might hit the ground.	silverware
if a bad magician yanked a tablecloth from a fully set table, name something that might hit the ground.	candles
if a bad magician yanked a tablecloth from a fully set table, name something that might hit the ground.	food
name something in the kitchen that makes a huge mess if its spilled	milk
name something in the kitchen that makes a huge mess if its spilled	juice / kool aid
name something in the kitchen that makes a huge mess if its spilled	flour
name something in the kitchen that makes a huge mess if its spilled	cooking oil
name something in the kitchen that makes a huge mess if its spilled	grease
name an activity you wouldn't want to do in the rain	walk
name an activity you wouldn't want to do in the rain	picnic
name an activity you wouldn't want to do in the rain	golf
name an activity you wouldn't want to do in the rain	baseball
name an activity you wouldn't want to do in the rain	drive
name an activity you wouldn't want to do in the rain	garden
name a city were you would expect to find beautiful people	hollywood
name a city were you would expect to find beautiful people	new york
name a city were you would expect to find beautiful people	miami
name a city were you would expect to find beautiful people	paris
name a city were you would expect to find beautiful people	las vegas
name the least private room in your house.	kitchen
name the least private room in your house.	living room
name the least private room in your house.	bedroom
name something you do before party guests arrive	clean
name something you do before party guests arrive	cook
name something you do before party guests arrive	decorate
name something you do before party guests arrive	get dressed
name something you do before party guests arrive	shower
name something you do before party guests arrive	have a drink
name something you do before party guests arrive	go to the bathroom
name something a rock musician might do during a concert that would look funny for a classical musician to do.	scream
name something a rock musician might do during a concert that would look funny for a classical musician to do.	smash instrument
name something a rock musician might do during a concert that would look funny for a classical musician to do.	jump around
name something a rock musician might do during a concert that would look funny for a classical musician to do.	take off shirt
name something a rock musician might do during a concert that would look funny for a classical musician to do.	dance
name something people do with both hands.	drive
name something people do with both hands.	dishes
name something people do with both hands.	massage
name something people do with both hands.	clap
name something people do with both hands.	cook
name something people do with both hands.	eat
name something on their bodies that people color in black.	hair
name something on their bodies that people color in black.	nails
name something on their bodies that people color in black.	eyes
name something on their bodies that people color in black.	eyebrows
name something you might find an olive in.	martini
name something you might find an olive in.	salad
name something you might find an olive in.	pizza
name something you might find an olive in.	jar
name a place where a mom might go when she says i need peace and quiet	her bedroom
name a place where a mom might go when she says i need peace and quiet	take a bath
name a place where a mom might go when she says i need peace and quiet	spa
name a place where a mom might go when she says i need peace and quiet	place of worship
name a place where a mom might go when she says i need peace and quiet	library
name a place where a mom might go when she says i need peace and quiet	park
name an employee youd find at a fancy hotel but not at a budget motel	concierge
name an employee youd find at a fancy hotel but not at a budget motel	bellhop
name an employee youd find at a fancy hotel but not at a budget motel	valet
name an employee youd find at a fancy hotel but not at a budget motel	doorperson
name an employee youd find at a fancy hotel but not at a budget motel	room service
name an employee youd find at a fancy hotel but not at a budget motel	chef
name a cartoon movie that features animals as the main characters.	lion king
name a cartoon movie that features animals as the main characters.	finding nemo
name a cartoon movie that features animals as the main characters.	bambi
name a cartoon movie that features animals as the main characters.	101 dalmations
name something a woman might stop maintaining once shes in a serious relationship	weight
name something a woman might stop maintaining once shes in a serious relationship	looks
name something a woman might stop maintaining once shes in a serious relationship	friendships
name something a woman might stop maintaining once shes in a serious relationship	house
name a job in which youd be exposed to a lot of germs	doctor
name a job in which youd be exposed to a lot of germs	nurse
name a job in which youd be exposed to a lot of germs	teacher
name a job in which youd be exposed to a lot of germs	waste collector
name a place where it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	park/ playground
name a place where it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	chuck e cheese
name a place where it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	zoo
name a place where it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	school/ daycare
name a place where it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	disney/ amusement park
name something that a demanding bride may ask her maidof honor to do that could end their friendship	wear an ugly dress
name something that a demanding bride may ask her maidof honor to do that could end their friendship	lie for her
name something that a demanding bride may ask her maidof honor to do that could end their friendship	pay for dress
name something you might buy for a golfer.	golf clubs
name something you might buy for a golfer.	golf balls
name something you might buy for a golfer.	hat
name something you might buy for a golfer.	golf bag
name something you might buy for a golfer.	golf cart
name something you might buy for a golfer.	golf shirt
name something you hope doesn't happen when holding someone's baby.	have to change diaper
name something you hope doesn't happen when holding someone's baby.	throw up
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	pizza
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	chow mein
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	chicken
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	hamburgers
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	mexican
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	hot dogs
name a takeout food a family might have for dinner.	sandwiches
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	food
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	clothes
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	diapers
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	education
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	toys
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	childcare
name a specific expense that youd save on if you didnt have any kids	vacation
name something from her childhood that a woman might keep forever	doll/ teddy bear
name something from her childhood that a woman might keep forever	diary
name something from her childhood that a woman might keep forever	pictures
name something from her childhood that a woman might keep forever	security blanket
name something from her childhood that a woman might keep forever	piece of jewelry
name something people spend their tax returns on	car
name something people spend their tax returns on	clothes
name something people spend their tax returns on	bills
name something people spend their tax returns on	vacation
name something people spend their tax returns on	food
name something people spend their tax returns on	furniture
name something people spend their tax returns on	tv
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	heart
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	prostate
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	blood pressure
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	colon
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	vision
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	hearing
name something the doctor begins to check as you get older	cholesterol
name something that action movie stars always jump off of.	buildings
name something that action movie stars always jump off of.	bridge
name something that action movie stars always jump off of.	cliff
name something that action movie stars always jump off of.	moving cars
name something parents think their teenage son spends too much time doing.	playing video games
name something parents think their teenage son spends too much time doing.	talking on the phone
name something parents think their teenage son spends too much time doing.	watching tv
name something parents think their teenage son spends too much time doing.	chasing girls
name something parents think their teenage son spends too much time doing.	listening to music
name something parents think their teenage son spends too much time doing.	sleeping
name something from home that you wish movie theaters had	couch/recliner
name something from home that you wish movie theaters had	bed
name something from home that you wish movie theaters had	remote control
name something from home that you wish movie theaters had	pillows
name something from home that you wish movie theaters had	blanket
name something from home that you wish movie theaters had	alcohol
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	roller coasters
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	cotton candy
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	ferris wheels
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	merry go round
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	consession stands
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	crowds
name something you'd find at most amusement parks. (more specific than "rides.")	kids
name the most gentle farm animal.	lamb/sheep
name the most gentle farm animal.	cow
name the most gentle farm animal.	horse
name the most gentle farm animal.	pig
name the most gentle farm animal.	bunny
name the most gentle farm animal.	cat
name the most gentle farm animal.	chick/duckling
name a place where it's usually not ok to wear jeans.	place of worship
name a place where it's usually not ok to wear jeans.	work
name a place where it's usually not ok to wear jeans.	wedding
name a place where it's usually not ok to wear jeans.	beach/pool
name a place where it's usually not ok to wear jeans.	funeral
name a place where it's usually not ok to wear jeans.	fine restaurant
name a reason why a celeb might refuse to sign an autograph	busy
name a reason why a celeb might refuse to sign an autograph	bad mood
name a reason why a celeb might refuse to sign an autograph	stuck up
name a reason why a celeb might refuse to sign an autograph	tired
name a reason why a celeb might refuse to sign an autograph	no pen
name a reason why a celeb might refuse to sign an autograph	with family
name a place people have a holiday dinner.	parents' house
name a place people have a holiday dinner.	home
name a place people have a holiday dinner.	restaurant
name a reason you may get a tattoo removed	ex's name
name a reason you may get a tattoo removed	it's ugly
name a reason you may get a tattoo removed	got old
name a reason you may get a tattoo removed	occupation
name a reason you may get a tattoo removed	faded
name something that gets fueled	car
name something that gets fueled	planae
name something that gets fueled	fire
name something that gets fueled	anger/temper
name something that gets fueled	body
name a way people try to stop a bloody nose.	hold head back
name a way people try to stop a bloody nose.	pinch nose
name a way people try to stop a bloody nose.	with a tissue
name a way people try to stop a bloody nose.	cotton in nose
name a way people try to stop a bloody nose.	cold towel
name a way people try to stop a bloody nose.	ice
name something that you spend money on to make your house more cozy	furniture
name something that you spend money on to make your house more cozy	pillows
name something that you spend money on to make your house more cozy	fireplace
name something that you spend money on to make your house more cozy	candles
name something that you spend money on to make your house more cozy	drapes
name something that you spend money on to make your house more cozy	rugs
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	hospital
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	police station
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	courthouse
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	shopping center
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	post office
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	bank
name a public place that you can almost never park right in front of	school
name a place on your body that might be sore after a day of shoveling	arms
name a place on your body that might be sore after a day of shoveling	back
name a place on your body that might be sore after a day of shoveling	hands
name a place on your body that might be sore after a day of shoveling	shoulders
name a place on your body that might be sore after a day of shoveling	legs
name an article of clothing people get fitted for	suit
name an article of clothing people get fitted for	tuxedo
name something kids play on in a city park	swings
name something kids play on in a city park	slide
name something kids play on in a city park	jungle gym
name something kids play on in a city park	see saw
name something kids play on in a city park	basketball court
name something kids play on in a city park	merry go round
name an occupation where there's no sitting down on the job.	waiter
name an occupation where there's no sitting down on the job.	cashier
name an occupation where there's no sitting down on the job.	construction
name an occupation where there's no sitting down on the job.	factory work
name an occupation where there's no sitting down on the job.	traffic cop
name an occupation where there's no sitting down on the job.	doctor
name an animal you would not like to be compared to.	pigs
name an animal you would not like to be compared to.	monkeys
name an animal you would not like to be compared to.	elephants
name an animal you would not like to be compared to.	bear
name something you see in front yards during the holidays	lights
name something you see in front yards during the holidays	snow man
name a word you would use when addressing royalty	your highness
name a word you would use when addressing royalty	sir
name a space you might land on in monopoly.	boardwalk
name a space you might land on in monopoly.	park place
name one athlete you'd really love to meet.	michael jordan
name one athlete you'd really love to meet.	peyton manning
name one athlete you'd really love to meet.	tiger woods
name one athlete you'd really love to meet.	lance armstrong
name one athlete you'd really love to meet.	brett favre
name one athlete you'd really love to meet.	a-rod rodrigus
name a board game you'd like to get as a gift	monopoly
name a board game you'd like to get as a gift	sorry
name a place to avoid during the holidays.	the mall
name a place to avoid during the holidays.	grocery store
name an ingredient you'd find in trail mix.	peanuts
name an ingredient you'd find in trail mix.	raisins
name something that people like to do at night at the beach.	bonfire
name something that people like to do at night at the beach.	walk
name something that people like to do at night at the beach.	swim
name something that people like to do at night at the beach.	sunset
name something that people like to do at night at the beach.	barbecue
name something that people like to do at night at the beach.	listen to waves
name something people replace even if the old one is still working.	tv
name something people replace even if the old one is still working.	car
name something people replace even if the old one is still working.	watch
name something people replace even if the old one is still working.	toaster
name something people replace even if the old one is still working.	significant other
name something people replace even if the old one is still working.	refrigerator
name an animal you expect to see at a zoo.	monkeys
name an animal you expect to see at a zoo.	elephants
name an animal you expect to see at a zoo.	lions
name an animal you expect to see at a zoo.	giraffe
name an animal you expect to see at a zoo.	tigers
name an animal you expect to see at a zoo.	zebras
name something about shaquille o'neal that's huge?	feet
name something about shaquille o'neal that's huge?	hands
name something about shaquille o'neal that's huge?	head
name something about shaquille o'neal that's huge?	height
name something about shaquille o'neal that's huge?	fame
name something about shaquille o'neal that's huge?	legs
name a talk show you might go on to tell about your disaster wedding.	oprah
name a talk show you might go on to tell about your disaster wedding.	jerry springer
name a talk show you might go on to tell about your disaster wedding.	maury
name a talk show you might go on to tell about your disaster wedding.	tyra banks
name a talk show you might go on to tell about your disaster wedding.	dr phil
name a country that gets a lot of tourists.	france
name a country that gets a lot of tourists.	usa
name a country that gets a lot of tourists.	united kingdom
name a country that gets a lot of tourists.	mexico
name a country that gets a lot of tourists.	italy
name something that might creak.	floor
name something that might creak.	door
name something that might creak.	stairs
name something that might creak.	bones
name something that might creak.	bed
name something people do on their hands and knees.	scrub/clean
name something people do on their hands and knees.	pray
name something people do on their hands and knees.	crawl
name something people do on their hands and knees.	exercise
name something people do on their hands and knees.	look for item
name something people do on their hands and knees.	play
name a pet you have to keep in cage.	bird
name a pet you have to keep in cage.	snake
name a pet you have to keep in cage.	hamster
name a pet you have to keep in cage.	lizard
name a pet you have to keep in cage.	puppy
name a pet you have to keep in cage.	rabbit
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	school
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	church
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	doctor/dentist
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	bed/sleep
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	bathroom
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	family gathering
name a place where kids always complain about having to go.	shopping
name something that could ruin a shopping trip to the mall.	no/lose money
name something that could ruin a shopping trip to the mall.	car problems
name something that could ruin a shopping trip to the mall.	kids
name something that could ruin a shopping trip to the mall.	rain/weather
name something that could ruin a shopping trip to the mall.	no parking
name an inappropriate gift for your boss.	underwear
name an inappropriate gift for your boss.	adult items
name an inappropriate gift for your boss.	money
name an inappropriate gift for your boss.	alcohol
name an inappropriate gift for your boss.	jewelry
name something you see at a football club.	players
name something you see at a football club.	footballs
name something you see at a football club.	trophies
name something you see at a football club.	beer
name something you see at a football club.	supporters
name something you see at a football club.	jumpers
name something that could happen when you don't pay the irs.	go to jail
name something that could happen when you don't pay the irs.	pay penalty/fine
name something that could happen when you don't pay the irs.	lose home/prop.
name something that could happen when you don't pay the irs.	get audited
name something that could happen when you don't pay the irs.	garnish wages
name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	dog
name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	sex
name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	tv
name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	worry
name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	neighbors
name the only thing you need to make your dog happy.	love
name the only thing you need to make your dog happy.	food
name the only thing you need to make your dog happy.	treats
name the only thing you need to make your dog happy.	play time
name an animal whose name children mispronounce.	rhinoceros
name an animal whose name children mispronounce.	hippopotamus
name an animal whose name children mispronounce.	elephant
name an animal whose name children mispronounce.	giraffe
name an animal whose name children mispronounce.	alligator
name an animal whose name children mispronounce.	crocodile
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	waltz
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	squaredance
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	two-step
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	tango
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	slowdance
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	foxtrot
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	polka
name an old fashioned dance where you actually touch your partner.	ballroom dancing
name something a firefighter might have.	fire hose
name something a firefighter might have.	axe
name something a firefighter might have.	helmet
name something a firefighter might have.	fire suit
name something a firefighter might have.	fire boots
name something a firefighter might have.	oxygen tank
name something a firefighter might have.	oxygen masks
name something you would not want to see your babysitter do while on the job.	drink alcohol
name something you would not want to see your babysitter do while on the job.	spanking
name something you would not want to see your babysitter do while on the job.	making out
name something you would not want to see your babysitter do while on the job.	throw a party
name a place where you might find flowers.	florist
name a place where you might find flowers.	garden
name a place where you might find flowers.	cemetery
name a place where you might find flowers.	nursery
name a place where you might find flowers.	hospital
name a place where you might find flowers.	park
name an occupation where you'd see a lot of bare-chested men.	construction
name an occupation where you'd see a lot of bare-chested men.	lifeguard
name an occupation where you'd see a lot of bare-chested men.	wrestler/boxer
name an occupation where you'd see a lot of bare-chested men.	gym trainer
name a habit that is hard to break.	smoking cigarettes
name a habit that is hard to break.	nail biting
name a habit that is hard to break.	lying
name a habit that is hard to break.	eating
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	housebroken
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	rollover
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	roll over
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	fetch
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	stop barking
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	sit
name the hardest thing to teach a dog to do.	stay
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury with you.	jewelry
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury with you.	car
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury with you.	money
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury with you.	pet
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury with you.	telly
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury with you.	computer
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	paintings
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	snapshots
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	shots
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	polaroids
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	pictures
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	photographs
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	pocket watch
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	wristwatch
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	clock
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	analogue clock
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	grandfather clock
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	cuckoo clock
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	candle
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	trophy
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	antlers
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	horns
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	firewood
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	timber
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	lumber
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	wood
name something people keep on a fireplace mantel.	log
name something you find in a wheelbarrow.	dirt
name something you find in a wheelbarrow.	sand
name something you find in a wheelbarrow.	soil
name something you find in a wheelbarrow.	cement
name something you find in a wheelbarrow.	bricks
name something you find in a wheelbarrow.	grass
name a country that's an island or islands:	australia
name a country that's an island or islands:	cuba
name a country that's an island or islands:	england
name a country that's an island or islands:	japan
name a country that's an island or islands:	philippines
name a country that's an island or islands:	iceland
name a country that's an island or islands:	taiwan
name a country that's an island or islands:	new zealand
name an animal people sound like when they blow their nose.	elephant
name an animal people sound like when they blow their nose.	pig
name an animal people sound like when they blow their nose.	horse
name an animal people sound like when they blow their nose.	dog
name an animal people sound like when they blow their nose.	goose
name an animal people sound like when they blow their nose.	giraffe
name something a rookie police officer would be embarrassed to admit he misplaced.	weapon
name something a rookie police officer would be embarrassed to admit he misplaced.	badge
name something a rookie police officer would be embarrassed to admit he misplaced.	handcuffs
name something a rookie police officer would be embarrassed to admit he misplaced.	evidence
name something a rookie police officer would be embarrassed to admit he misplaced.	squad car
name something a rookie police officer would be embarrassed to admit he misplaced.	criminal
name a good gift for a professional boxer.	gloves
name a good gift for a professional boxer.	shorts
name something that is found in a small town diner.	jukebox
name something that is found in a small town diner.	wait staff
name something that is found in a small town diner.	pies
name something that is found in a small town diner.	stools
name a vehicle that doesn't have an engine.	bicycle
name a vehicle that doesn't have an engine.	glider
name a vehicle that doesn't have an engine.	motorcycle
name a vehicle that doesn't have an engine.	wagon
name a vehicle that doesn't have an engine.	golf cart
name a vehicle that doesn't have an engine.	sailboat
name something parents tell their kids not to do so loudly.	talk
name something parents tell their kids not to do so loudly.	play
name something parents tell their kids not to do so loudly.	eat
name something parents tell their kids not to do so loudly.	laugh
name something parents tell their kids not to do so loudly.	watch tv
name something parents tell their kids not to do so loudly.	burp
name something you see college kids posing with in photos.	beer
name something you see college kids posing with in photos.	friends
name something you see college kids posing with in photos.	books
name something you see college kids posing with in photos.	mascots
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	brain
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	life
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	house
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	nose
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	spouse
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	me
name something that you have only one of, but sometimes you wish you had more than one.	income
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	hair
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	bald
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	voice
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	looks
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	clothes
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	breath
name something about their boss that workers make fun of behind their back.	gait
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	bear
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	elephant
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	lion
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	skunk
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	snake
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	tiger
name an animal you would not want to see sitting on your car.	cat
name something that a woman does more gracefully than her husband.	dance
name something that a woman does more gracefully than her husband.	walk
name something that a woman does more gracefully than her husband.	eat
name something that a woman does more gracefully than her husband.	age
name something someone might do to embarass them at thanksgiving.	burp
name something someone might do to embarass them at thanksgiving.	get drunk
name something someone might do to embarass them at thanksgiving.	fart
name something someone might do to embarass them at thanksgiving.	overeat
name something someone might do to embarass them at thanksgiving.	throw up
name a place you would find a bell.	church
name a place you would find a bell.	school
name a place you would find a bell.	philadelphia
name a place you would find a bell.	cow
name a place you would find a bell.	fire engine
name an animal that digs.	dog
name an animal that digs.	wombat
name an animal that digs.	rabbit
name an animal that digs.	mole
name something that couples in love always have a favourite one of.	song
name something that couples in love always have a favourite one of.	restaurant
name something that couples in love always have a favourite one of.	child
name something that couples in love always have a favourite one of.	movie
name something that couples in love always have a favourite one of.	picture
name something that couples in love always have a favourite one of.	nickname
name a celebrity who probably still makes millions a year even though they're six feet under.	elvis presley
name a celebrity who probably still makes millions a year even though they're six feet under.	bob hope
name a celebrity who probably still makes millions a year even though they're six feet under.	tupac shakur
name a celebrity who probably still makes millions a year even though they're six feet under.	frank sinatra
name a celebrity who probably still makes millions a year even though they're six feet under.	marilyn monroe
name a celebrity who probably still makes millions a year even though they're six feet under.	john lennon
name a place you might find coins.	grass
name a place you might find coins.	money
name a place you might find coins.	frogs
name a place you might find coins.	leaves
name a place you might find coins.	peas
name something that stains your clothes.	wine
name something that stains your clothes.	coffee
name something that stains your clothes.	ketchup
name something that stains your clothes.	mud
name something that gets buried.	bodies
name something you use in the home that has a wooden handle.	spoon
name something you use in the home that has a wooden handle.	broom
name something you use in the home that has a wooden handle.	door
name something you use in the home that has a wooden handle.	hammer
name something you use in the home that has a wooden handle.	shovel
name a seafood delicacy.	prawn
name a seafood delicacy.	oysters
name a seafood delicacy.	lobster
name a seafood delicacy.	crab
name a seafood delicacy.	crayfish
name something you expect to see in paris.	eiffel tower
name something you expect to see in paris.	notre dame de paris
name something you expect to see in paris.	the louvre
name something you expect to see in paris.	croissant
name something you expect to see in paris.	french people
name something that has a siren.	fire engine
name something that has a siren.	ambulance
name something that has a siren.	police car
name something a pet-owner might wish their cat did less of.	meow
name something a pet-owner might wish their cat did less of.	scratch
name something a pet-owner might wish their cat did less of.	shed
name something a pet-owner might wish their cat did less of.	bite
name an occupation whose members have to be especially careful with their fingers.	doctor
name an occupation whose members have to be especially careful with their fingers.	musician
name an occupation whose members have to be especially careful with their fingers.	machinist/driller
name an occupation whose members have to be especially careful with their fingers.	butcher
name an occupation whose members have to be especially careful with their fingers.	hand model
name something people frequently trip over.	cables
name something people frequently trip over.	shoes
name something people frequently trip over.	carpet
name something people frequently trip over.	toys
name something people frequently trip over.	pets
name something people frequently trip over.	stairs
name a hairstyle that used to be popular but is not anymore.	beehive
name a hairstyle that used to be popular but is not anymore.	braids
name a hairstyle that used to be popular but is not anymore.	jerry curl
name a hairstyle that used to be popular but is not anymore.	perm
name something that annoys you at movie theaters.	people talking
name something that annoys you at movie theaters.	mobile phone
name something that annoys you at movie theaters.	baby crying
name something that annoys you at movie theaters.	long lines
name something that annoys you at movie theaters.	kids running
name something people do right after they sneeze.	excuse me
name something people do right after they sneeze.	blow their nose
name something people do right after they sneeze.	wipe their nose
name something people do right after they sneeze.	bless you
name something people do right after they sneeze.	sniffle
name something people do right after they sneeze.	get a tissue
name a topic that bored people at parties.	politics
name a topic that bored people at parties.	work
name a topic that bored people at parties.	children
name a topic that bored people at parties.	weather
name a topic that bored people at parties.	religion
name a topic that bored people at parties.	school
name a style of ballroom dancing.	tango
name a style of ballroom dancing.	waltz
name a style of ballroom dancing.	foxtrot
name a style of ballroom dancing.	salsa
name a style of ballroom dancing.	rumba
name a style of ballroom dancing.	cha cha
name a style of ballroom dancing.	latin
name a comedian who got their start on snl.	john belushi
name a comedian who got their start on snl.	will ferrell
name a comedian who got their start on snl.	tina fey
name a comedian who got their start on snl.	chevy chase
name a comedian who got their start on snl.	amy poehler
name something that sways back and forth.	swing
name something that sways back and forth.	pendulum
name something that sways back and forth.	tree
name something that sways back and forth.	rocking chair
name something that sways back and forth.	body
name something that kids do when they skip school:	go to movies
name something that kids do when they skip school:	go to mall
name something that kids do when they skip school:	fish
name something that kids do when they skip school:	go to beach
name something that kids do when they skip school:	play videos
name something that kids do when they skip school:	go to park
name something that kids do when they skip school:	cruise
name something that kids do when they skip school:	watch tv
name a specific reason kids give for not wanting to eat a vegetable.	don't like taste
name a specific reason kids give for not wanting to eat a vegetable.	green color
name a specific reason kids give for not wanting to eat a vegetable.	too full
name a specific reason kids give for not wanting to eat a vegetable.	make them sick
on a bright, sunny day, why would you leave the beach?	too hot
on a bright, sunny day, why would you leave the beach?	sunburn
on a bright, sunny day, why would you leave the beach?	shark
on a bright, sunny day, why would you leave the beach?	tired
on a bright, sunny day, why would you leave the beach?	sick
on a bright, sunny day, why would you leave the beach?	crowded
past or present, name a famous bob.	bob hope
past or present, name a famous bob.	bob barker
past or present, name a famous bob.	bob newhart
past or present, name a famous bob.	bob saget
past or present, name a famous bob.	bob crane
past or present, name a famous bob.	bob marley
tell me a way to say hi in another language	hola
tell me a way to say hi in another language	bonjour
tell me a way to say hi in another language	aloha
tell me a way to say hi in another language	ciao
tell me the worst thing to have break if you're stuck in bed on doctor's orders	television
tell me the worst thing to have break if you're stuck in bed on doctor's orders	remote control
tell me the worst thing to have break if you're stuck in bed on doctor's orders	phone
tell me the worst thing to have break if you're stuck in bed on doctor's orders	furnace/ac
tell me the worst thing to have break if you're stuck in bed on doctor's orders	the bed
tell me something you can't drive your car without	gas
tell me something you can't drive your car without	license
tell me something you can't drive your car without	keys
tell me a place where you'd see a group of cardinals.	vatican/church
tell me a place where you'd see a group of cardinals.	tree/forest
tell me a place where you'd see a group of cardinals.	baseball/st.louis
tell me a place where you'd see a group of cardinals.	zoo
tell me a type of salesperson that is known for being pushy.	car salesman
tell me a type of salesperson that is known for being pushy.	credit card salesman
tell me a type of salesperson that is known for being pushy.	fragrance salesperson
tell me a type of salesperson that is known for being pushy.	realtor
tell me something you might eat in mexico.	tacos
tell me something you might eat in mexico.	burritos
tell me something you might eat in mexico.	enchiladas
tell me something you might eat in mexico.	tamales
tell me something you might eat in mexico.	tortillas
tell me something you'd better remember to put on in the morning or you won't feel right all day.	underwear/clothes
tell me something you'd better remember to put on in the morning or you won't feel right all day.	deodorant
tell me something you'd better remember to put on in the morning or you won't feel right all day.	contacts/glasses
tell me something you'd better remember to put on in the morning or you won't feel right all day.	makeup
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the	give money
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the	donate canned goods
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the	serve meals
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the	donate toys
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the	invite to dinner
what is the worst thing to forget on a camping trip?	tent
what is the worst thing to forget on a camping trip?	sleeping bag
what is the worst thing to forget on a camping trip?	food
what is the worst thing to forget on a camping trip?	water
what is the worst thing to forget on a camping trip?	matches
what is the worst thing to forget on a camping trip?	bug spray
what might a mail carrier keep on hand to deal with unfriendly dogs?	mace
what might a mail carrier keep on hand to deal with unfriendly dogs?	stick
what might a mail carrier keep on hand to deal with unfriendly dogs?	treats
what might a mail carrier keep on hand to deal with unfriendly dogs?	bone
what might a mail carrier keep on hand to deal with unfriendly dogs?	meat
what might a mail carrier keep on hand to deal with unfriendly dogs?	whistle
which north pole resident is most likely to become jealous of santa's power?	elf
which north pole resident is most likely to become jealous of santa's power?	jack frost
which north pole resident is most likely to become jealous of santa's power?	rudolph
which north pole resident is most likely to become jealous of santa's power?	mrs. claus
which north pole resident is most likely to become jealous of santa's power?	11
what might an obsessed lover do that causes his partner to break up with him?	stalk
what might an obsessed lover do that causes his partner to break up with him?	call too much
what might an obsessed lover do that causes his partner to break up with him?	clingy
what might an obsessed lover do that causes his partner to break up with him?	check cell phone
what part of the school day might a kindergartener look forward to?	recess
what part of the school day might a kindergartener look forward to?	lunch
what part of the school day might a kindergartener look forward to?	nap time
what part of the school day might a kindergartener look forward to?	going home
what part of the school day might a kindergartener look forward to?	art
what might a restaurant have inside it that would cause it to be closed down	bugs
what might a restaurant have inside it that would cause it to be closed down	rodents
what might a restaurant have inside it that would cause it to be closed down	mold
what might a restaurant have inside it that would cause it to be closed down	fire
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	working/money
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	companion/love
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	fixing things
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	hanky panky
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	lifting
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	nothing
we surveyed 100 women...name something men are good for.	taking out trash
which animal's temperament is closest to your own?	cat
which animal's temperament is closest to your own?	dog
which animal's temperament is closest to your own?	lion
which animal's temperament is closest to your own?	monkey/ape
which animal's temperament is closest to your own?	tiger
which animal's temperament is closest to your own?	bear
when hugh hefner dies name something he might ask to be buried with.	bunnies
when hugh hefner dies name something he might ask to be buried with.	playboy
when hugh hefner dies name something he might ask to be buried with.	money
when hugh hefner dies name something he might ask to be buried with.	bathrobe
when hugh hefner dies name something he might ask to be buried with.	calendar
what do new parents spend most of their time doing?	changing diapers
what do new parents spend most of their time doing?	sleeping
what do new parents spend most of their time doing?	feeding
what do new parents spend most of their time doing?	holding the baby
what do new parents spend most of their time doing?	worrying
what might a new parent wish their baby would learn to do quickly to make life easier?	potty train
what might a new parent wish their baby would learn to do quickly to make life easier?	talk
what might a new parent wish their baby would learn to do quickly to make life easier?	walk
what might a new parent wish their baby would learn to do quickly to make life easier?	sleep through night
what might a new parent wish their baby would learn to do quickly to make life easier?	feed themselves
