at the beach, name something that might protect you from sun.	umbrella
at the beach, name something that might protect you from sun.	sunscreen
at the beach, name something that might protect you from sun.	sun hat
at the beach, name something that might protect you from sun.	sunglasses
at the beach, name something that might protect you from sun.	cover up
at the beach, name something that might protect you from sun.	shade
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	bed
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	shower
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	tv
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	toilet
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	electricity
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	air conditioner
after a week of camping, what luxury oh home are you most excited to have again?	computer
after having kids name something that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night	crying baby
after having kids name something that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night	nightmares
after having kids name something that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night	feeding times
after having kids name something that happens that interrupts a couples alone time at night	sick kid
at what age might a man have midlifecrisis?	40
at what age might a man have midlifecrisis?	45
at what age might a man have midlifecrisis?	50
at what age might a man have midlifecrisis?	30
at what age might a man have midlifecrisis?	35
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	25
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	20
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	21
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	30
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	18
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	22
at what age does it become embarrassing to still live with your parents (numeric only)?	24
ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving	weather conditions
ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving	heavy traffic
ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving	new driver
ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving	spot a police car
ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving	tailgating
ame a reason why you might be nervous while driving	lost
aside from animals name something people hunt for	bargains
aside from animals name something people hunt for	treasure
aside from animals name something people hunt for	easter eggs
aside from animals name something people hunt for	lost keys
aside from animals name something people hunt for	job
aside from animals name something people hunt for	dates
according to men: what is something men look for when choosing a mate?	good looks
according to men: what is something men look for when choosing a mate?	personality
according to men: what is something men look for when choosing a mate?	financial security
according to men: what is something men look for when choosing a mate?	compatibility
according to men: what is something men look for when choosing a mate?	sense of humor
according to men: what is something men look for when choosing a mate?	honesty
besides a waiter, name a job at a restaurant.	chef
besides a waiter, name a job at a restaurant.	host
besides a waiter, name a job at a restaurant.	dishwasher
besides a waiter, name a job at a restaurant.	cashier
besides a waiter, name a job at a restaurant.	busser
besides books name something people read	magazines
besides books name something people read	news papers
besides books name something people read	road signs
besides books name something people read	poems
besides books name something people read	billboards
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	news
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	talking
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	weather
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	jokes
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	commercials
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	traffic
besides music name something you might hear on a morning radio show	sports
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble name another	in the doghouse
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble name another	on thin ice
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble name another	in a pickle
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble name another	burned your bridges
being in hot water is one way of saying youre in trouble name another	river without paddle
based on how much you use it, what do you consider the greatest invention ever?	telephone
based on how much you use it, what do you consider the greatest invention ever?	electricity
based on how much you use it, what do you consider the greatest invention ever?	tv
based on how much you use it, what do you consider the greatest invention ever?	car
based on how much you use it, what do you consider the greatest invention ever?	computer
based on how much you use it, what do you consider the greatest invention ever?	microwave
besides plastic surgery, name something women can do to dramatically change her appearance.	lose weight
besides plastic surgery, name something women can do to dramatically change her appearance.	hair stylist
besides the sun and the moon, name something else that rises.	bread/yeast
besides the sun and the moon, name something else that rises.	people
besides the sun and the moon, name something else that rises.	heat/temperature
besides the sun and the moon, name something else that rises.	tide/sea
besides turkey name a dish served at thanksgiving.	ham
besides turkey name a dish served at thanksgiving.	stuffing
besides turkey name a dish served at thanksgiving.	sweet potatoes
besides turkey name a dish served at thanksgiving.	cranberries
besides turkey name a dish served at thanksgiving.	potatoes
besides turkey name a dish served at thanksgiving.	pumpkin pie
besides milk, name a popular dairy product.	cheese
besides milk, name a popular dairy product.	ice cream
besides milk, name a popular dairy product.	yogurt
besides milk, name a popular dairy product.	butter
besides pirates, name something you might find on an old pirate ship.	treasure
besides pirates, name something you might find on an old pirate ship.	flag
besides pirates, name something you might find on an old pirate ship.	sails
besides pirates, name something you might find on an old pirate ship.	cannon
besides pirates, name something you might find on an old pirate ship.	sword
besides pirates, name something you might find on an old pirate ship.	bones
besides the american revolution, name another revolution.	french revolution
besides the american revolution, name another revolution.	industrial revolution
besides the american revolution, name another revolution.	mexican revolution
besides the american revolution, name another revolution.	spanish revolution
besides a mattress, name something people sleep on.	couch
besides a mattress, name something people sleep on.	floor
besides a mattress, name something people sleep on.	futon
besides a mattress, name something people sleep on.	pillow
besides a mattress, name something people sleep on.	blanket
besides a mattress, name something people sleep on.	sleeping bag
besides sand, name something you'd need to make a sand castle.	water
besides sand, name something you'd need to make a sand castle.	bucket
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	coinage
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	riches
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	money
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	wealth
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	currency
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	bucks
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	cash
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	meals
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	groceries
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	food
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	suppers
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	edibles
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	eats
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	nutrients
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	dinner
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	desserts
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	sandwiches
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	tucker
besides trash name something specific people throw away every day.	lunches
besides a rose, name the best-selling flower at a flower shop.	carnation
besides a rose, name the best-selling flower at a flower shop.	lily
besides a rose, name the best-selling flower at a flower shop.	tulip
besides a rose, name the best-selling flower at a flower shop.	daisy
besides a rose, name the best-selling flower at a flower shop.	orchid
besides a rose, name the best-selling flower at a flower shop.	chrysanthemum
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	oprah winfrey
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	david letterman
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	montel williams
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	regis philbin
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	jay leno
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	ellen degeneres
daytime or nighttime, who is the best-dressed talk show host?	ricki lake
dogs chase cats. what do cats chase?	mice
dogs chase cats. what do cats chase?	birds
dogs chase cats. what do cats chase?	balls
dogs chase cats. what do cats chase?	dogs
give me a woman's name with 3 letters.	ann
give me a woman's name with 3 letters.	sue
give me a woman's name with 3 letters.	amy
give me a woman's name with 3 letters.	eve
give me a woman's name with 3 letters.	pam
give me a woman's name with 3 letters.	mia
give me a fruit or vegetable that is purple.	eggplant
give me a fruit or vegetable that is purple.	plum
give me a fruit or vegetable that is purple.	grape
give me a fruit or vegetable that is purple.	cabbage
give me a fruit or vegetable that is purple.	beets
give me a part of your body that never stops growing.	hair
give me a part of your body that never stops growing.	nails
give me a part of your body that never stops growing.	brain/mind
give me a part of your body that never stops growing.	feet
give me a part of your body that never stops growing.	bottom
give me a part of your body that never stops growing.	stomach
give me a reason for moving away from your hometown.	career change
give me a reason for moving away from your hometown.	going to college
give me a reason for moving away from your hometown.	an ex
give me a reason for moving away from your hometown.	significant other
give me a word or phrase with the word belly.	belly button
give me a word or phrase with the word belly.	jelly belly
give me a word or phrase with the word belly.	belly dance
give me a word or phrase with the word belly.	belly ache
give me a word or phrase with the word belly.	belly flop
give me a word or phrase with the word belly.	round belly
how could you tell that someone's id is fake?	photo doesn't match
how could you tell that someone's id is fake?	made up name
how could you tell that someone's id is fake?	expired date
how could you tell that someone's id is fake?	no seal
how can you tell that your date isn't interested in the movie?	falls asleep
how can you tell that your date isn't interested in the movie?	yawning
how can you tell that your date isn't interested in the movie?	more into you
how can you tell that your date isn't interested in the movie?	talking alot
how can you tell that your date isn't interested in the movie?	bathroom often
how can you tell that your date isn't interested in the movie?	goes home
how can you tell one car apart from another of the same model and year?	color
how can you tell one car apart from another of the same model and year?	license plate
how can you tell one car apart from another of the same model and year?	dents
how can you tell one car apart from another of the same model and year?	bumper stickers
how can you tell one car apart from another of the same model and year?	tires
how can you tell one car apart from another of the same model and year?	dirty/clean
how can you tell that a letter was written by someone who hates to waste paper?	small print
how can you tell that a letter was written by someone who hates to waste paper?	mistakes
how can you tell that a letter was written by someone who hates to waste paper?	both sides used
how can you tell that a letter was written by someone who hates to waste paper?	recycle paper
how old were you when you babysat for the first time	10
how old were you when you babysat for the first time	12
how old were you when you babysat for the first time	13
how old were you when you babysat for the first time	14
how old were you when you babysat for the first time	15
how might an employer find out about an applicant even before the interview?	resume
how might an employer find out about an applicant even before the interview?	internet
how many credit cards does the average person have.	3
how many credit cards does the average person have.	5
how can you tell that your neighbors are out-of-town	lights off
how can you tell that your neighbors are out-of-town	newspaper
how many generations of your family have lived in the united states?	three
how many generations of your family have lived in the united states?	six
how many generations of your family have lived in the united states?	four
how many generations of your family have lived in the united states?	two
how many generations of your family have lived in the united states?	five
how many generations of your family have lived in the united states?	ten
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	pepperoni
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	onions
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	mushrooms
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	sausage
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	olives
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	anchovies
if you ordered a pizza with the works name a topping that youd expect	peppers
in minutes how long is your commute to work	5
in minutes how long is your commute to work	10
in minutes how long is your commute to work	15
in minutes how long is your commute to work	20
in minutes how long is your commute to work	30
in minutes how long is your commute to work	45
in minutes how long is your commute to work	60
instead of a horse, which animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding?	cow
instead of a horse, which animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding?	dog
instead of a horse, which animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding?	pig
instead of a horse, which animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding?	donkey
instead of a horse, which animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding?	elephant
instead of a horse, which animal is it hard to imagine a cowboy riding?	camel
if you sent a postcard from china what would be pictured on the front	great wall
if you sent a postcard from china what would be pictured on the front	panda
if you sent a postcard from china what would be pictured on the front	dragon
if you sent a postcard from china what would be pictured on the front	temple
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, name something you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable.	seat/cushion
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, name something you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable.	refreshments
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, name something you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable.	safety belt
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, name something you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable.	tv
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, name something you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable.	blanket
if you were offered a magic carpet ride, name something you'd want to add to it to make your trip more comfortable.	bathroom
if men carried purses name something youd find inside them	wallet/money
if men carried purses name something youd find inside them	cell phone
if men carried purses name something youd find inside them	cigarettes
if men carried purses name something youd find inside them	keys
if men carried purses name something youd find inside them	tools
if peter pan had a phone, name someone he'd probably have on speed dial.	tinker bell
if peter pan had a phone, name someone he'd probably have on speed dial.	wendy
if peter pan had a phone, name someone he'd probably have on speed dial.	captain hook
if peter pan had a phone, name someone he'd probably have on speed dial.	lost boys
if peter pan had a phone, name someone he'd probably have on speed dial.	croc
if your cat learned to speak, name something it would ask for	food/milk
if your cat learned to speak, name something it would ask for	pets/scratches
if your cat learned to speak, name something it would ask for	clean litterbox
if your cat learned to speak, name something it would ask for	catnip
if your cat learned to speak, name something it would ask for	attention
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, name something you'd have difficulty doing together.	kissing/snuggling
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, name something you'd have difficulty doing together.	walking
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, name something you'd have difficulty doing together.	dancing
if you were dating a real knight in shining armor, name something you'd have difficulty doing together.	eating
instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school	limo
instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school	their own car
instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school	taxi
instead of a schoolbus how might a wealthy kid get to school	helicopter
if adults trick or treated, what might they request instead of candy?	money
if adults trick or treated, what might they request instead of candy?	alcohol
if adults trick or treated, what might they request instead of candy?	cigarettes
in action movies, name something the hero is always trying to get his hands on.	money
in action movies, name something the hero is always trying to get his hands on.	leading lady
in action movies, name something the hero is always trying to get his hands on.	gun
in action movies, name something the hero is always trying to get his hands on.	bad guy
if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)?	100mph
if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)?	80 mph
if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)?	70 mph
if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)?	90 mph
if there was no speed limit, how fast would you drive on the way to work each morning (round to ten)?	60 mph
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	tie
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	tools
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	socks
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	money
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	cologne
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	shirt
if all else fails name something people get for dad for the holidays	watch
in a large family,what often gets mixed up with that of your siblings?	laundry
in a large family,what often gets mixed up with that of your siblings?	names
in a large family,what often gets mixed up with that of your siblings?	toys
in a large family,what often gets mixed up with that of your siblings?	birthdays
in a large family,what often gets mixed up with that of your siblings?	food
in a large family,what often gets mixed up with that of your siblings?	toothbrush
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, name a subject that would surely come up.	politics
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, name a subject that would surely come up.	weather
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, name a subject that would surely come up.	books
in a conversation with the world's most boring person, name a subject that would surely come up.	work
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, what would you do?	flying umbrella
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, what would you do?	sing
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, what would you do?	dance
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, what would you do?	spoonful of sugar
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, what would you do?	british accent
if you wanted to impersonate mary poppins, what would you do?	babysit
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes what would you do	buy some
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes what would you do	borrow clothes
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes what would you do	wash clothes
if you were out of town and forgot to pack a change of clothes what would you do	wear dirty clothes
if you're going to do your own taxes, name something you probably need	computer/calculator
if you're going to do your own taxes, name something you probably need	forms
if you're going to do your own taxes, name something you probably need	records
if you're going to do your own taxes, name something you probably need	pencil
if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him	wears a crown
if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him	rides white horse
if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him	good looking
if you met the real life prince charming how would you know it was him	magical kiss
in which profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants?	gym teacher/coach
in which profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants?	personal trainer
in which profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants?	janitor
in which profession would it be easiest to get away with wearing sweat pants?	babysitter
if an alien landed at christmas time name a christmas tradition that would be hard to explain	santa
if an alien landed at christmas time name a christmas tradition that would be hard to explain	wrap/exchange gifts
if an alien landed at christmas time name a christmas tradition that would be hard to explain	tree in house
if an alien landed at christmas time name a christmas tradition that would be hard to explain	caroling
if an alien landed at christmas time name a christmas tradition that would be hard to explain	kiss under mistletoe
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	morgan freeman
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	james earl jones
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	brad pitt
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	julia roberts
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	sean connery
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	denzil washington
if you could have a movie star narrate your life, whose voice would you choose?	robert redford
if there was an award for "loudest in the zoo," which animal would win it?	lion
if there was an award for "loudest in the zoo," which animal would win it?	elephant
if there was an award for "loudest in the zoo," which animal would win it?	monkey
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, name a specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand.	history
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, name a specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand.	geography
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, name a specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand.	movies
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, name a specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand.	current events
if you were going to be a contestant on jeopardy, name a specific subject area you'd want to memorize beforehand.	the bible
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	triangle
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	circle
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	square
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	oval
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	rectangle
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	diamond
if you could describe yourself as a shape name the shape you would be	star
if you could not live in the us, which country would you want to live in?	australia
if you could not live in the us, which country would you want to live in?	canada
if you could not live in the us, which country would you want to live in?	france
if you could not live in the us, which country would you want to live in?	united kingdom
if you could not live in the us, which country would you want to live in?	germany
if a man goes by the name "al," what might it be short for?	albert
if a man goes by the name "al," what might it be short for?	alan
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, what food would you be shoving in your mouth today?	pizza
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, what food would you be shoving in your mouth today?	icecream
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, what food would you be shoving in your mouth today?	chocolate
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, what food would you be shoving in your mouth today?	candy
if you were going on a diet tomorrow, what food would you be shoving in your mouth today?	steak
if you could afford it, name a kind of car you would be driving.	mercedes
if you could afford it, name a kind of car you would be driving.	lexus
if you could afford it, name a kind of car you would be driving.	jaguar
if you could afford it, name a kind of car you would be driving.	cadillac
if you could afford it, name a kind of car you would be driving.	bmw
if you turned into a kangaroo, name something you'd have to get used to.	hopping
if you turned into a kangaroo, name something you'd have to get used to.	large tail
if you couldn't live in the u.s., what country would you choose to live in?	canada
if you couldn't live in the u.s., what country would you choose to live in?	england
if you couldn't live in the u.s., what country would you choose to live in?	ireland
if you couldn't live in the u.s., what country would you choose to live in?	spain
if you couldn't live in the u.s., what country would you choose to live in?	australia
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, name something you'd like in there with you.	blanket/pillow
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, name something you'd like in there with you.	tv
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, name something you'd like in there with you.	significant other
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, name something you'd like in there with you.	food/water
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, name something you'd like in there with you.	book/bible
if you were literally in the doghouse for the night, name something you'd like in there with you.	dog
if a bachelor had to suddenly take care of a baby, name something he'd have to learn how to do fast.	change diapers
if a bachelor had to suddenly take care of a baby, name something he'd have to learn how to do fast.	feed
if you were driving someone else's car, name something that would be hard to get used to.	seat
if you were driving someone else's car, name something that would be hard to get used to.	brakes
if you were driving someone else's car, name something that would be hard to get used to.	steering wheel
if you were driving someone else's car, name something that would be hard to get used to.	mirrors
if you were driving someone else's car, name something that would be hard to get used to.	stick shift
if you were driving someone else's car, name something that would be hard to get used to.	stereo
if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience?	heckler
if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience?	parents
if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience?	children
if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience?	another comedian
if you were a stand-up comedian, who would you not want to have in your audience?	spouse
instead of a person name something a child talks to.	doll/stuffed animal
instead of a person name something a child talks to.	imaginary friend
instead of a person name something a child talks to.	pet
instead of a person name something a child talks to.	god
if you got access to a police car what's the first thing you'd want to do?	turn on siren
if you got access to a police car what's the first thing you'd want to do?	speed
if you got access to a police car what's the first thing you'd want to do?	turn on lights
if you got access to a police car what's the first thing you'd want to do?	pull someone over
if voodoo dolls really worked, name a person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time.	an ex
if voodoo dolls really worked, name a person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time.	spouse
if voodoo dolls really worked, name a person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time.	boss/ex boss
if voodoo dolls really worked, name a person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time.	sibling
if voodoo dolls really worked, name a person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time.	the in-laws
if voodoo dolls really worked, name a person from your life you'd stick a pin in from time to time.	a friend
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, name an animal he might fight instead.	cow
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, name an animal he might fight instead.	goat
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, name an animal he might fight instead.	person
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, name an animal he might fight instead.	cat
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, name an animal he might fight instead.	chicken
if a matador is too wimpy to fight a bull, name an animal he might fight instead.	donkey
in your opinion, what occupation has the most masculine men?	construction
in your opinion, what occupation has the most masculine men?	pro sports
in your opinion, what occupation has the most masculine men?	firemen/paramedic
in your opinion, what occupation has the most masculine men?	fitness trainer
in your opinion, what occupation has the most masculine men?	police officer
in your opinion, what occupation has the most masculine men?	lifeguard
if they were smart name a place that horror movie characters would stay far away from.	woods
if they were smart name a place that horror movie characters would stay far away from.	cemetery
if they were smart name a place that horror movie characters would stay far away from.	basement
if they were smart name a place that horror movie characters would stay far away from.	place of worship
in a crowded house name something specific that people have to line up to use.	toilet
in a crowded house name something specific that people have to line up to use.	shower
in a crowded house name something specific that people have to line up to use.	phone
if you were dead tired, name something you might forget to do before climbing into bed.	brush teeth
if you were dead tired, name something you might forget to do before climbing into bed.	clothes
if you were dead tired, name something you might forget to do before climbing into bed.	prayers
if you were dead tired, name something you might forget to do before climbing into bed.	lock door
if you were dead tired, name something you might forget to do before climbing into bed.	turn off light
if you were dead tired, name something you might forget to do before climbing into bed.	shower
if a baby was six feet tall, name something you'd have a hard time buying for him.	clothes/shoes
if a baby was six feet tall, name something you'd have a hard time buying for him.	diapers
if a baby was six feet tall, name something you'd have a hard time buying for him.	crib
if a baby was six feet tall, name something you'd have a hard time buying for him.	car seat
in the shower, which part of the body is soaped first?	arms
in the shower, which part of the body is soaped first?	abdomen
in the shower, which part of the body is soaped first?	face
in the shower, which part of the body is soaped first?	chest
in the shower, which part of the body is soaped first?	underarm
in the shower, which part of the body is soaped first?	hands
love is the right reason to get married. name one of the wrong reasons.	money/status
love is the right reason to get married. name one of the wrong reasons.	lust/infatuation
love is the right reason to get married. name one of the wrong reasons.	children/pregnant
love is the right reason to get married. name one of the wrong reasons.	people expect it
love is the right reason to get married. name one of the wrong reasons.	to spite parents
many people want to be a hilton. but name another real family you'd rather join.	the trumps
many people want to be a hilton. but name another real family you'd rather join.	the gates
many people want to be a hilton. but name another real family you'd rather join.	the osbournes
many people want to be a hilton. but name another real family you'd rather join.	the kennedys
many people want to be a hilton. but name another real family you'd rather join.	the rockefellers
many people want to be a hilton. but name another real family you'd rather join.	the clintons
men hunt for animals. what do women hunt for?	men/husbands
men hunt for animals. what do women hunt for?	clothes/shoes
men hunt for animals. what do women hunt for?	bargains
men hunt for animals. what do women hunt for?	big bank account
men hunt for animals. what do women hunt for?	diamonds/jewelry
name something you mix with water before drinking	kool aid
name something you mix with water before drinking	tea
name something you mix with water before drinking	juice concentrate
name something you mix with water before drinking	coffee
name something a contestant in a beauty pageant might wear	bathing suit
name something a contestant in a beauty pageant might wear	gown
name something a contestant in a beauty pageant might wear	makeup
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	gun
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	car
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	sunglasses
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	phone
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	clothes
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	watch
name an accessory that might be sold with a james bond action figure	briefcase
name something specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up	eyes
name something specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up	hair
name something specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up	smile
name something specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up	clothes
name something specific a man often compliments a woman on when trying to pick her up	body
name something that would be hard to steal from a hotel room	television
name something that would be hard to steal from a hotel room	bed
name something that would be hard to steal from a hotel room	table
name something that would be hard to steal from a hotel room	mini bar
name something that would be hard to steal from a hotel room	couch
name something that would be hard to steal from a hotel room	picture
name something you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school	lice
name something you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school	bad grades
name something you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school	drugs
name something you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school	illness
name something you wouldnt want your kid bringing home from school	germs
name something you remember about the tv show mash	hot lips
name something you remember about the tv show mash	hawkeye
name something you remember about the tv show mash	radar
name something you remember about the tv show mash	war
name something you remember about the tv show mash	doctors
name something you remember about the tv show mash	theme music
name something you remember about the tv show mash	klinger
name a christmas movie people are tired of.	a wonderful life
name a christmas movie people are tired of.	white christmas
name a christmas movie people are tired of.	miracle on 34th st
name a christmas movie people are tired of.	home alone
name a christmas movie people are tired of.	nightmare before
name a christmas movie people are tired of.	christmas story
name a party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday.	pin the tail
name a party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday.	twister
name a party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday.	spin the bottle
name a party game that you'd be surprised to find at an adult's birthday.	musical chairs
name something people cover when it rains	head
name something people cover when it rains	car
name something people cover when it rains	outdoor furniture
name something people cover when it rains	pool
name a comfort food that has cheese in/on it.	pizza
name a comfort food that has cheese in/on it.	mac and cheese
name a comfort food that has cheese in/on it.	grilled cheese
name a comfort food that has cheese in/on it.	nachos
name a comfort food that has cheese in/on it.	crackers
name something a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing.	reading
name something a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing.	study
name something a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing.	summer school
name something a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing.	working
name something a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing.	camp
name something a really smart kid probably spends his summer doing.	stay on computer
name a reason a husband might send his wife flowers.	anniversary
name a reason a husband might send his wife flowers.	apology
name a reason a husband might send his wife flowers.	birthday
name a reason a husband might send his wife flowers.	valentine's day
name a reason a husband might send his wife flowers.	mother's day
name something people claim to have seen that others think is crazy	ufo
name something people claim to have seen that others think is crazy	elvis
name something people claim to have seen that others think is crazy	ghost
name something people claim to have seen that others think is crazy	big foot
name something people claim to have seen that others think is crazy	lochness monster
name something people claim to have seen that others think is crazy	angel
name a city with a lot of pollution	los angeles
name a city with a lot of pollution	new york
name a city with a lot of pollution	st. louis
name a city with a lot of pollution	cleveland
name a city with a lot of pollution	chicago
name a city with a lot of pollution	houston
name a city with a lot of pollution	detroit
name a sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid.	grows tail
name a sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid.	she swims often
name a sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid.	getting scales
name a sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid.	always in water
name a sign your girlfriend might be turning into a mermaid.	gills
name something that the human body has more than 2 of.	digits
name something that the human body has more than 2 of.	bones
name something that the human body has more than 2 of.	hairs
name something that the human body has more than 2 of.	teeth
name something that youd find more commonly in france than in the us	wine
name something that youd find more commonly in france than in the us	cheese
name something that youd find more commonly in france than in the us	french people
name something that youd find more commonly in france than in the us	art
name something that youd find more commonly in france than in the us	beret
name something the president might say is too long.	speeches
name something the president might say is too long.	legislative process
name something the president might say is too long.	wars
name something the president might say is too long.	election process
name something the president might say is too long.	political terms
name something the president might say is too long.	the recession
name something you make for dinner when you're short on time.	pizza
name something you make for dinner when you're short on time.	spaghetti
name something you make for dinner when you're short on time.	tv dinners
name something you make for dinner when you're short on time.	hot dogs
name something you make for dinner when you're short on time.	sandwiches
name something you make for dinner when you're short on time.	mac and cheese
name a job that people did more 100 years ago than today.	farmer
name a job that people did more 100 years ago than today.	blacksmith
name a job that people did more 100 years ago than today.	carpenter
name a job that people did more 100 years ago than today.	miner
name something that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture.	angel/religious fig.
name something that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture.	tree
name something that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture.	santa/reindeer
name something that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture.	penguins/animals
name something that might be carved into a christmas ice sculpture.	snowflake
name something about you that has not changed as youve gotten older	personality/attitude
name something about you that has not changed as youve gotten older	eyes
name something about you that has not changed as youve gotten older	name
name something about you that has not changed as youve gotten older	sense of humor
name something about you that has not changed as youve gotten older	smile
name an animal that's often described as "beautiful."	cat
name an animal that's often described as "beautiful."	deer
name an animal that's often described as "beautiful."	horse
name an animal that's often described as "beautiful."	bird
name an animal that's often described as "beautiful."	lion
name an animal that's often described as "beautiful."	swan
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	eat/ drink
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	talk on phone
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	smoke
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	change gears
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	stop
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	park
name something more than difficult to do when driving a car with stick shift	steer
name a gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man.	flowers
name a gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man.	jewelry
name a gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man.	perfume
name a gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man.	candy
name a gift that a very practical woman would not be impressed by receiving from a man.	lingerie
name a place where people are asked to rise	place of worship
name a place where people are asked to rise	court
name a place where people are asked to rise	school
name a place where people are asked to rise	sporting event
name a place where people are asked to rise	wedding
name a famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see	empire state bldg.
name a famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see	eiffel tower
name a famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see	statue of liberty
name a famous sight that tourists take an elevator up to see	sears tower
name something you might stop to do when driving across the country	eat
name something you might stop to do when driving across the country	rest stop
name something you might stop to do when driving across the country	fill up gas
name something you might stop to do when driving across the country	ask directions
name something you might stop to do when driving across the country	take pictures
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	fireworks
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	shooting star
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	rainbow
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	hot air balloon
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	airplane
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	blimp
name something you might see in the sky that would make you say "ooooh!"	dark clouds
name an activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight	read
name an activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight	cook
name an activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight	write
name an activity thatd be hard to do by candlelight	sew
name something you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank.	smoke
name something you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank.	talk on cell phone
name something you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank.	walk away
name something you're not supposed to do while filling your gas tank.	leave the car on
name something naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with	looking at girls
name something naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with	sipping beer
name something naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with	eating sweets
name something naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with	staying up late
name something naughty that a grandpa might secretly let his grandson get away with	bad language
name something that its hard to do while listening to music	read
name something that its hard to do while listening to music	have a conversation
name something that its hard to do while listening to music	watch tv
name something that its hard to do while listening to music	study
name something that its hard to do while listening to music	fall asleep
name something that its hard to do while listening to music	concentrate
name a reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds	too thin
name a reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds	wrestler/athlete
name a reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds	been sick
name a reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds	pregnant
name a reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds	winter/keep warm
name a reason you might be glad to put on a few pounds	actor/movie role
name a country that is known for their beer	germany
name a country that is known for their beer	ireland
name a country that is known for their beer	usa
name a country that is known for their beer	canada
name a country that is known for their beer	england
name a country that is known for their beer	mexico
name a country that is known for their beer	australia
name something people give as a housewarming gift	plant
name something people give as a housewarming gift	vase with flowers
name something people give as a housewarming gift	fruit basket
name something people give as a housewarming gift	linens
name something people give as a housewarming gift	bottle of wine
name something people give as a housewarming gift	toaster
name something people give as a housewarming gift	dishes
name something that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles.	drive
name something that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles.	ski
name something that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles.	sleep
name something that would be harder to do if you lived in los angeles.	breathe
name a word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game	go
name a word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game	run
name a word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game	touchdown
name a word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game	foul
name a word that people yell at the tv while watching a football game	idiot
name something a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview	10 gallon hat
name something a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview	gun
name something a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview	horse
name something a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview	boots
name something a cowboy probably leaves at home for a job interview	rope
name a song that has "christmas" in the title	white christmas
name a song that has "christmas" in the title	oh christmas tree
name a song that has "christmas" in the title	wish you merry xmas
name a specif food that someone with high cholesterol might give up	eggs
name a specif food that someone with high cholesterol might give up	butter
name a specif food that someone with high cholesterol might give up	bacon
name a specif food that someone with high cholesterol might give up	fired chicken
name a specif food that someone with high cholesterol might give up	pizza
name a specif food that someone with high cholesterol might give up	french fries
name a piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume.	age
name a piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume.	height
name a piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume.	marital status
name a piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume.	weight
name a piece of information you'd include in a personals ad but not on a resume.	horoscope sign
name something people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners	burp
name something people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners	elbows on table
name something people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners	talk with full mouth
name something people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners	eat with hands
name something people do at the dinner table even though its considered bad manners	chew with mouth open
name something a shy man might wear to hide his face.	hat/headband
name something a shy man might wear to hide his face.	glasses
name something a shy man might wear to hide his face.	facial hair
name something a shy man might wear to hide his face.	scarf
name something a shy man might wear to hide his face.	hood
name a night of the week when people stay up later than usual.	friday
name a night of the week when people stay up later than usual.	saturday
name something found in the garden of eden	apple
name something found in the garden of eden	snake
name something found in the garden of eden	tree
name something found in the garden of eden	adam & eve
name a reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays	sick
name a reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays	work
name a reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays	broke
name a reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays	far away
name a reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays	car problems
name a reason you may not be able to get home for the holidays	too much homework
name something a man might do all day long if his wife let him	watch sports
name something a man might do all day long if his wife let him	watch tv
name something a man might do all day long if his wife let him	sleep
name something a man might do all day long if his wife let him	eat
name something you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation	good weather
name something you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation	good time
name something you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation	plenty of rest
name something you hope for, but can't count on, when going on vacation	tan
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	iraq
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	afghanistan
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	north korea
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	sudan
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	columbia
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	syria
name the last country you would want to win a trip to?	haiti
name a reason you might not leave the house for an entire day.	sick
name a reason you might not leave the house for an entire day.	bad weather
name a reason you might not leave the house for an entire day.	cleaning/working
name a reason you might not leave the house for an entire day.	sports/tv
name something for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie.	legs
name something for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie.	hair
name something for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie.	ken
name something for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie.	wears clothes
name something for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie.	car
name something for which a mermaid may be jealous of barbie.	lives on land
name a place where you sit until your name is called.	doctor's office
name a place where you sit until your name is called.	dmv
name a place where you sit until your name is called.	court
name a place where you sit until your name is called.	classroom
name a place where you sit until your name is called.	restaurant
name someone the groom might not want at his bachelor party	bride
name someone the groom might not want at his bachelor party	ex
name someone the groom might not want at his bachelor party	dancer
name someone the groom might not want at his bachelor party	mom
name someone the groom might not want at his bachelor party	dad
name someone the groom might not want at his bachelor party	father n law
name a situation where you wouldn't want someone looking over your shoulder.	test
name a situation where you wouldn't want someone looking over your shoulder.	office
name a situation where you wouldn't want someone looking over your shoulder.	in the bedroom
name a situation where you wouldn't want someone looking over your shoulder.	atm
name a situation where you wouldn't want someone looking over your shoulder.	bathroom
name the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport	miss flight
name the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport	lose luggage
name the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport	stopped by security
name the last thing youd want to happen to you in the airport	delayed
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	romeo & juliet
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	hamlet
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	othello
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	macbeth
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	taming of the shrew
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	midsummer nights dream
name a shakespeare play which was made into a movie	much ado about nothing
name a reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat	protection
name a reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat	loyality
name a reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat	cat allergies
name a reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat	friendlier
name a reason why a person might prefer to own a dog over a cat	playful
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	porky pig
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	daffy duck
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	bugs bunny
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	donald duck
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	elmer fudd
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	tweety
name a cartoon character who would never be chosen to narrate a documentary	yosemite sam
name something you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies.	dancing
name something you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies.	talking
name something you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies.	eating bananas
name something you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies.	smoking
name something you see trained monkey's doing in sitcoms and movies.	driving
name something christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america	weather
name something christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america	running out of food
name something christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america	sickness
name something christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america	boat sinking
name something christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america	getting lost
name something christopher columbus might have worried about during his voyage to america	death
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	seeds
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	tools
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	dirt
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	water
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	sunlight
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	fertilizer
name something you need to grow a vegetable garden	yard
name something you keep in an ice chest. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	soft drinks
name something you keep in an ice chest. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	beer
name something you keep in an ice chest. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	ice
name something you keep in an ice chest. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	water
name something you keep in an ice chest. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	chicken
name something you keep in an ice chest. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	frosty mug for beer
name a specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet.	salad
name a specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet.	celery
name a specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet.	oranges
name a specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet.	carrots
name a specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet.	apple
name a specific food that you eat a lot of when you're on a diet.	broccoli
name a piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore	vcr
name a piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore	typewriter
name a piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore	record player
name a piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore	radio
name a piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore	pader
name a piece of equipment that was once considered modern technology, but few people even own anymore	home telephone
name an odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is.	skunk
name an odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is.	fish
name an odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is.	fart
name an odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is.	body odor
name an odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is.	onion
name an odor that's so distinct, you know right away what it is.	cigarette smoke
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	swimming
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	basketball
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	volleyball
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	soccer
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	tennis
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	wrestling
name a sport in which the athletes don't wear a lot of clothes.	boxing
name the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on	sports illustrated
name the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on	time
name the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on	g.o.
name the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on	vogue
name the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on	rolling stone
name the magazine cover you'd most like to appear on	money
name a profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers.	celebrity
name a profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers.	politician
name a profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers.	customer service
name a profession where you may receive lots of mail from strangers.	advice columnist
name something men try to cover up.	affair
name something men try to cover up.	baldness
name something men try to cover up.	lies
name something men try to cover up.	bills/money
name something men try to cover up.	gray hair
name something an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying	which floor?
name something an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying	going up?
name something an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying	hello
name something an elevator operator probably gets tired of saying	have a nice day
name something people do more of when they're tired	sleep
name something people do more of when they're tired	yawn
name something people do more of when they're tired	eat
name something people do more of when they're tired	lose temper
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	nurse
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	doctor
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	work in store
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	police
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	santa claus
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	restaurant
name a job which might require someone to work on christmas	pilot
name a place that closes early for a person to run errands after work.	bank
name a place that closes early for a person to run errands after work.	post office
name a place that closes early for a person to run errands after work.	market
name a place that closes early for a person to run errands after work.	dry cleaners
name something people put in the envelope with their holiday cards.	money
name something people put in the envelope with their holiday cards.	pictures
name something people put in the envelope with their holiday cards.	gift cards
name something people put in the envelope with their holiday cards.	form letter
name a shakespeare character who most people have heard of	romeo
name a shakespeare character who most people have heard of	hamlet
name a shakespeare character who most people have heard of	juliet
name a shakespeare character who most people have heard of	macbeth
name a shakespeare character who most people have heard of	othello
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	hopscotch
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	hide n seek
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	tag
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	twister
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	jump rope
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	musical chairs
name a kids game a grown man would look pretty silly playing	dress up
name something you would do if a dog was chasing you.	run
name something you would do if a dog was chasing you.	scream
name something you would do if a dog was chasing you.	climb a tree
name something you would do if a dog was chasing you.	stand still
name a cartoon character who's always getting hurt.	wile e coyote
name a cartoon character who's always getting hurt.	tom and jerry
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	cook
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	clean
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	watch tv
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	change diapers
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	use computer
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	use cell phone
name something men do today but probably didnt do years ago	shop
name a reason why someone might make fun of your dance moves	they're jealous
name a reason why someone might make fun of your dance moves	don't know steps
name a reason why someone might make fun of your dance moves	old fashioned moves
name a reason why someone might make fun of your dance moves	clumsy/tripping
name a reason why someone might make fun of your dance moves	no rhythm
name an activity people like to do at a lake	fishing
name an activity people like to do at a lake	swim
name something cats have that people don't	tails
name something cats have that people don't	nine lives
name something cats have that people don't	fur
name something cats have that people don't	whiskers
name something cats have that people don't	4 feet
name something cats have that people don't	claws
name a reason why someone might hold off on getting married.	afraid of commitment
name a reason why someone might hold off on getting married.	not ready
name a reason why someone might hold off on getting married.	saving money
name a reason why someone might hold off on getting married.	too young
name a job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed.	lawyer
name a job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed.	model
name a job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed.	sales person
name a job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed.	banker
name a job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed.	ceo
name a job in which you need to dress well in order to succeed.	teacher
name a vegetable that is not green	carrot
name a vegetable that is not green	corn
name a vegetable that is not green	pumpkin
name a vegetable that is not green	potato
name a vegetable that is not green	beet
name a vegetable that is not green	cauliflower
name a vegetable that is not green	egg plant
name a last minute problem that could make you late for work	traffic
name a last minute problem that could make you late for work	car trouble
name a last minute problem that could make you late for work	lost keys
name a last minute problem that could make you late for work	child is sick
name a last minute problem that could make you late for work	no gas
name a last minute problem that could make you late for work	bad hair
name a type of business that has regular customers	restaurant
name a type of business that has regular customers	grocery store
name a type of business that has regular customers	bar
name a type of business that has regular customers	coffee shop
name a type of business that has regular customers	bank
name a type of business that has regular customers	gas station
name a type of business that has regular customers	salon
name a country known for having beautiful weather	united states
name a country known for having beautiful weather	mexico
name a country known for having beautiful weather	australia
name a country known for having beautiful weather	bahamas
name a country known for having beautiful weather	france
name a country known for having beautiful weather	spain
name a country known for having beautiful weather	brazil
name someplace youd find a water fountain	park
name someplace youd find a water fountain	school yard
name someplace youd find a water fountain	amusement park
name someplace youd find a water fountain	beach
name someplace youd find a water fountain	library
name someplace youd find a water fountain	civic centre
name someplace youd find a water fountain	medical building
name something people wear to protect themselves.	coat
name something people wear to protect themselves.	helmet
name something people wear to protect themselves.	jockstrap
name something people wear to protect themselves.	bulletproof vest
name something people wear to protect themselves.	hat
name something people wear to protect themselves.	sunscreen
name a slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind	bus
name a slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind	semi truck
name a slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind	tractor
name a slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind	garbage truck
name a slowmoving vehicle that you hate to get stuck behind	dump truck
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	hit by another car
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	carjacked
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	keyed
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	broken into
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	flat tire
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	towed
name something you'd hate to find has happened to your car while it was parked.	parking ticket
name a word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty.	your highness
name a word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty.	your majesty
name a word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty.	sir
name a word or phrase you might use when addressing royalty.	madam
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	moving
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	they attack people
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	not housebroken
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	too messy
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	chew things
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	sickness
name a reason a person might get rid of a pet	they're allergic
name something snoopy does that your dog would not	talk
name something snoopy does that your dog would not	fly/pilot
name something snoopy does that your dog would not	sleep on house
name something snoopy does that your dog would not	read/write
name something snoopy does that your dog would not	dance
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	flowers
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	cake
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	groom
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	ring
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	white dress
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	family
name something almost everyday bride wants at her wedding	gifts
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	reading
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	exercise
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	sports
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	crafts
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	playing instrument
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	cooking
name a pastime that's considered more respectable than watching tv.	listening to radio
name something that builds a nest	bird
name something that builds a nest	snakes
name something that builds a nest	bee
name something that builds a nest	rat
name a controversial american president	george w bush
name a controversial american president	richard nixon
name a controversial american president	bill clinton
name a controversial american president	john f kennedy
name a controversial american president	abraham lincoln
name a reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job.	got shot
name a reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job.	someone was murdered
name a reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job.	couldn't catch crook
name a reason a policeman might say he had a bad day on the job.	visited the morgue
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	hit by another car
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	carjacked
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	keyed
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	broken into
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	flat tire
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	towed
name something youd hate to find had happened to your car while it was parked	parking ticket
name something you always have with you so you dont get lost	map
name something you always have with you so you dont get lost	compass
name something you always have with you so you dont get lost	cell phone
name something you always have with you so you dont get lost	gps
name something you always have with you so you dont get lost	co pilot
name something you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror.	pick nose
name something you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror.	undress
name something you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror.	pick teeth
name something you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror.	pose
name something you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror.	skin care
name something you do when looking in the mirror that you'd hate to be caught doing if it was a 2-way mirror.	dance
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard.	santa claus
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard.	moses
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard.	uncle sam
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard.	kenny rogers
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard.	merlin/wizard
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for having a white beard.	colonel sanders
name something you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub	slip
name something you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub	appliance falling in
name something you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub	phone ring
name something you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub	power goes out
name something you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub	doorbell
name something you wouldn't want to happen when you're in the bathtub	fall asleep
name something most answer machines messages ask you to do	leave name
name something most answer machines messages ask you to do	leave number
name something most answer machines messages ask you to do	28
name something most answer machines messages ask you to do	8
name something that someone who gets dates has that someone who doesnt get dates doesnt have	good looks
name something that someone who gets dates has that someone who doesnt get dates doesnt have	money
name something that someone who gets dates has that someone who doesnt get dates doesnt have	intimacy
name something that someone who gets dates has that someone who doesnt get dates doesnt have	charm/confidence
name something that someone who gets dates has that someone who doesnt get dates doesnt have	car
name a romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of.	candy
name a romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of.	stuffed animal
name a romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of.	jewelry
name a romantic gift for a woman that her 2-year-old might be jealous of.	flowers
name something special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers	food discounts
name something special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers	happy hour
name something special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers	kids eat free
name something special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers	buffet
name something special a restaurant might do on certain nights in order to draw in customers	life music
name a food that often gets burned	toast
name a food that often gets burned	rice
name a food that often gets burned	eggs
name a food that often gets burned	chicken
name a food that often gets burned	steak
name a food that often gets burned	bacon
name a famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur	empire state bldg
name a famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur	white house
name a famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur	sears tower
name a famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur	eiffel tower
name a famous building thats big enough to house a dinosaur	buckingham palace
name a word people use to describe someone who's in a bad mood	grouchy
name a word people use to describe someone who's in a bad mood	grumpy
name a word people use to describe someone who's in a bad mood	crabby
name a word people use to describe someone who's in a bad mood	cranky
name a word people use to describe someone who's in a bad mood	angry
name a word people use to describe someone who's in a bad mood	moody
name something parents of twins do that makes their children seem even more similar.	dress alike
name something parents of twins do that makes their children seem even more similar.	hair style
name something parents of twins do that makes their children seem even more similar.	similar names
name something in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow.	lip stick
name something in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow.	tampons
name something in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow.	compact
name something in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow.	eyelash curler
name something in a woman's purse that a man would never ask to borrow.	perfume
name a kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet	tiger
name a kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet	lion
name a kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet	bob cat
name a kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet	jaguar
name a kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet	leopard
name a kind of cat you probably wouldn't keep as a pet	feral
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	sibling
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	parent
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	in law
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	santa
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	exercise
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	boss
name a person you wouldn't kiss under the mistletoe.	grandparent
name something embarrassing that happens to people at the airport	get searched
name something embarrassing that happens to people at the airport	get lost
name something embarrassing that happens to people at the airport	miss flight
name something embarrassing that happens to people at the airport	luggage comes open
name a type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better.	mechanic
name a type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better.	lawyer
name a type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better.	doctor/dentist
name a type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better.	plumber
name a type of professional who might overcharge if you don't know any better.	car salesperson
name something a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for.	ring
name something a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for.	house
name something a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for.	furniture
name something a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for.	mattress
name something a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for.	dishes
name something a couple engaged to be married might go shopping for.	wedding dress
name something specific a guy might take with him to the gym	towel
name something specific a guy might take with him to the gym	gym bag
name something specific a guy might take with him to the gym	tennis shoes
name something specific a guy might take with him to the gym	deoderant
name something specific a guy might take with him to the gym	change of clothes
name something specific a guy might take with him to the gym	weights
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	coat
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	heater
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	gloves
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	shovel
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	boots
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	sweater
name something that people use less in the summer than in the winter	blankets
name a type of repairman you might call to your house in an emergency.	plumber
name a type of repairman you might call to your house in an emergency.	electrician
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	beach
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	aloha
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	sunny
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	surfing
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	volcano
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	beautiful
name a word that you'd probably see in a vacation brochure for hawaii	tropical
name something a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing	laugh/tease
name something a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing	yawn/sleep
name something a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing	talk/use phone
name something a romantic man would hate for the woman he's serenading to do while he's singing	walk away
name a person in your life who it would be unwise to live with.	parent
name a person in your life who it would be unwise to live with.	boss
name a person in your life who it would be unwise to live with.	sibling
name a person in your life who it would be unwise to live with.	ex
name a person in your life who it would be unwise to live with.	best friend
name a person in your life who it would be unwise to live with.	boy/girlfriend
name a small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have	toaster
name a small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have	blender
name a small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have	mixer
name a small kitchen appliance that a bachelor may not have	can opener
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	baking soda
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	ketchup
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	jell o
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	water
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	soda
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	tomato sauce
name a kitchen item that might be used to make lava on a volcano model	pudding
name something that kids make out of paper	airplanes
name something that kids make out of paper	snowflakes
name something that kids make out of paper	footballs
name something that kids make out of paper	cards/valentines
name something that kids make out of paper	paper dolls
name something that kids make out of paper	crane/bird
name someplace youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex	your wedding
name someplace youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex	birthday party
name someplace youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex	family reunion
name someplace youd have to be on really good terms to invite your ex	your house
name a special occasion for which someone might go to a hairdresser	wedding
name a special occasion for which someone might go to a hairdresser	prom
name a special occasion for which someone might go to a hairdresser	birthday party
name a special occasion for which someone might go to a hairdresser	graduation
name a professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with	cop
name a professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with	boss
name a professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with	teacher
name a professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with	priest
name a professional you may come in contact with but should never flirt with	lawyer
name something you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates.	caramel
name something you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates.	cherries
name something you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates.	cream
name something you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates.	coconut
name something you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates.	marhmellow
name something you'd find at the center of fancy chocolates.	nuts
name a way tourists get around in a big city	tour bus
name a way tourists get around in a big city	taxi
name a way tourists get around in a big city	on foot
name a way tourists get around in a big city	bilkes
name a way tourists get around in a big city	public transportation
name a city where you'd hate the long commute to work.	new york city
name a city where you'd hate the long commute to work.	los angeles
name a city where you'd hate the long commute to work.	chicago
name a state people visit on a ski vacation	colorado
name a state people visit on a ski vacation	vermont
name a state people visit on a ski vacation	alaska
name a state people visit on a ski vacation	utah
name something grandma might knit for you as a gift	sweater
name something grandma might knit for you as a gift	scarf
name something grandma might knit for you as a gift	blanket
name something grandma might knit for you as a gift	hat
name something grandma might knit for you as a gift	mittens
name something grandma might knit for you as a gift	socks
name a sign that your girlfriend might be turning into a cat.	purring
name a sign that your girlfriend might be turning into a cat.	whiskers
name something you'd see on the back of a car.	license plate
name something you'd see on the back of a car.	bumper stickers
name something you'd see on the back of a car.	bumper
name something you'd see on the back of a car.	dirt
name something you'd see on the back of a car.	tires
name something you'd see on the back of a car.	lights
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	ship sinkong
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	iceberg
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	overeating
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	drowning
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	motion sickness
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	hurricane
name something you might worry about while on a cruise ship	fire
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	construction
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	house painter
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	landscaper
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	farmer
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	athlete
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	postal worker
name a profession in which rain can ruin a day's work.	lifeguard
name something you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal.	got sick
name something you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal.	drink
name something you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal.	smoke
name something you hope a restaurant chef didn't do before cooking your meal.	not wash hands
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	las vegas
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	new york
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	los angeles
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	atlanta
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	chicago
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	orlando
name a city that has a lot of hotels.	atlantic city
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	crash
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	flat tire
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	break down
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	rain
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	run out of gas
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	speeding ticket
name something youd hate to have happen while driving a new car home	scratch it
name something a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can'	talk
name something a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can'	sing
name something a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can'	dance
name something a cat in a movie can do that a real-life cat can'	live nine lives
name a word that describes someone who doesnt pull their own weight	lazy
name a word that describes someone who doesnt pull their own weight	slacker
name a word that describes someone who doesnt pull their own weight	free loader
name a word that describes someone who doesnt pull their own weight	bum
name a word that describes someone who doesnt pull their own weight	deadbeat
name a word that describes someone who doesnt pull their own weight	leech
name an occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for	halloween
name an occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for	funeral
name an occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for	formal dinner
name an occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for	costume ball
name an occasion that dracula is almost always dressed for	wedding
name something valuable that a baseball fan might collect	baseball cards
name something valuable that a baseball fan might collect	baseballs
name something valuable that a baseball fan might collect	autographs
name something valuable that a baseball fan might collect	baseball gloves
name something you might find under a rock.	worm
name something you might find under a rock.	ants
name something you might find under a rock.	spider
name something you might find under a rock.	dirt
name something you might find under a rock.	roly poly
name something you might find under a rock.	slug
name something thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else	speed
name something thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else	arrest someone
name something thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else	run red lights
name something thats legal for a police officer to do but not for anyone else	carry/ use gun
name a type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching.	soap opera
name a type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching.	talk shows
name a type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching.	cooking
name a type of tv show you'd be surprised to see a man watching.	fashion
name something around the house you might keep spare batteries for	flashlight
name something around the house you might keep spare batteries for	remote control
name something around the house you might keep spare batteries for	radio
name something around the house you might keep spare batteries for	toys
name something around the house you might keep spare batteries for	music player
name something around the house you might keep spare batteries for	portable videogame
name something rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone.	talk to someone else
name something rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone.	eat
name something rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone.	interrupt
name something rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone.	hang up
name something rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone.	put you on hold
name something rude people do while you're trying to talk to them on the phone.	make noises
name a food with cheese that's a childhood favorite.	pizza
name a food with cheese that's a childhood favorite.	grilled cheese
name a food with cheese that's a childhood favorite.	macaroni
name a food with cheese that's a childhood favorite.	cheeseburger
name the easiest household chore	washing dishes
name the easiest household chore	dusting
name the easiest household chore	vacuum
name the easiest household chore	sweeping
name the easiest household chore	taking out trash
name the easiest household chore	picking up
name the easiest household chore	making bed
name something a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear.	high heels
name something a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear.	pantyhose
name something a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear.	makeup
name something a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear.	girdle/corset
name something a woman's doctor might advise her not to wear.	perfume
name something santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve.	map
name something santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve.	gps
name something santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve.	compass
name something santa might bring with him to keep from getting lost on christmas eve.	reindeer
name a type of pet that people rarely take out of their house.	cat
name a type of pet that people rarely take out of their house.	snake
name a type of pet that people rarely take out of their house.	bird
name a type of pet that people rarely take out of their house.	fish
name a type of pet that people rarely take out of their house.	hamster/gerbil
name a type of pet that people rarely take out of their house.	lizard
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	boots
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	saddles
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	cowboy hat
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	rope
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	horse
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	spurs
name something you might see at a cowboy's yard sale.	gun
name something cats hate	dogs
name something cats hate	water
name something cats hate	grab their tail
name something cats hate	mouse
name something cats hate	vacuum cleaner
name something that you need silence in order to do.	read
name something that you need silence in order to do.	sleep
name something that you need silence in order to do.	study
name something that you need silence in order to do.	thinik
name something that you need silence in order to do.	meditate/pray
name something that you need silence in order to do.	take a test
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	roller coasters
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	bungee jumping
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	horror movies
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	sky diving
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	fun houses
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	driving fast
name something people do for fun even though it scares them	rock climbing
name something kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers	looks
name something kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers	clothes
name something kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers	dating
name something kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers	money
name something kids start to care more about once theyre teenagers	driving
name the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents.	13
name the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents.	12
name the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents.	16
name the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents.	14
name the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents.	15
name the age when youngsters really start rebelling against their parents.	10
name something that you can get for free at a casino	drinks
name something that you can get for free at a casino	food
name something that you can get for free at a casino	entertainment
name something that has to be taken out every once in a while	the trash
name something that has to be taken out every once in a while	the dog
name something that has to be taken out every once in a while	your mate
name something that has to be taken out every once in a while	teeth/dentures
name something california has more of than any other state	people
name something california has more of than any other state	movie stars
name something california has more of than any other state	earthquakes
name something california has more of than any other state	smog
name something california has more of than any other state	beach
name something california has more of than any other state	palm trees
name something california has more of than any other state	sunshine
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	candy
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	listening to music
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	pet
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	watching a movie/tv
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	friend/phone call
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	have a drink
name something that always makes you feel better when you're lonely.	reading
name something you may not be good at the first time you do it.	ride a bike
name something you may not be good at the first time you do it.	driving
name something you may not be good at the first time you do it.	cooking
name something you may not be good at the first time you do it.	golf
name something you may not be good at the first time you do it.	skiing
name something you may not be good at the first time you do it.	skating
name an expression that begins with the word first	come,first served
name an expression that begins with the word first	first love
name an expression that begins with the word first	first class
name an expression that begins with the word first	first things first
name an expression that begins with the word first	first time
name an expression that begins with the word first	first kiss
name an expression that begins with the word first	first base
name a term that uses the word "shot."	shotgun
name a term that uses the word "shot."	hot shot
name a term that uses the word "shot."	long shot
name a term that uses the word "shot."	shot glass
name a term that uses the word "shot."	sling shot
name a term that uses the word "shot."	shot in the dark
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	kiss
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	open doors
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	buy flowers
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	hug
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	hold hands
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	cook
name something specific your partner did early in your relationship that you wish they still did now	cuddle
name something that kids can use in a pool to help them float.	raft
name something that kids can use in a pool to help them float.	inner tube
name something that kids can use in a pool to help them float.	beach ball
name something that kids can use in a pool to help them float.	life jacket
name something that kids can use in a pool to help them float.	water wings
name something that kids can use in a pool to help them float.	noodle
name something thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving	smoking
name something thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving	eating
name something thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving	sipping drink
name something thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving	using cell phone
name something thats currently legal that people should be banned from doing while driving	applying make up
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	balloons
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	clown
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	cake
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	kids
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	inflatable jumping
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	barney
name something you can see at a kids birthday party.	party hat
name something you might add milk to in the morning	cold cereal
name something you might add milk to in the morning	coffee
name something you might add milk to in the morning	oatmeal
name a shakesphere character who most people have heard of.	romeo
name a shakesphere character who most people have heard of.	hamlet
name a shakesphere character who most people have heard of.	juliettejuliet
name a shakesphere character who most people have heard of.	macbeth
name a shakesphere character who most people have heard of.	othello
name a place where a man might be a "regular customer."	bar
name a place where a man might be a "regular customer."	restaurant/coffee shop
name a place where a man might be a "regular customer."	barber shop
name a place where a man might be a "regular customer."	gentleman's club
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	brad pitt
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	tom hanks
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	julia roberts
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	jennifer aniston
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	denzel washington
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	sean penn
name a movie star you would invite for thanksgiving dinner.	reese witherspoon
name something you clean that only gets dirty again in a day	dishes
name something you clean that only gets dirty again in a day	clothes
name something you clean that only gets dirty again in a day	bathroom
name something you clean that only gets dirty again in a day	floors
name something people put in front of their house to deter burglars.	alarm system/sign
name something people put in front of their house to deter burglars.	dog
name something people put in front of their house to deter burglars.	motion light
name something people put in front of their house to deter burglars.	fence
name a common item that's shaped like a bear.	plush toy
name a common item that's shaped like a bear.	cookie/cracker
name a common item that's shaped like a bear.	honey container
name a common item that's shaped like a bear.	gummy candy
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	drink coffee
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	take a pill
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	exercise
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	get cool air
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	listen to radio
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	eat
name something people do to help them stay awake when they are tired.	drink soda
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	necklace
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	shoes
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	hat
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	ring
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	clover
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	pot
name something a leprechaun would have made for himself out of gold	teeth
name something there are seven of.	dwarfes
name something there are seven of.	deadly sins
name something there are seven of.	wonders of the world
name something there are seven of.	days per week
name something there are seven of.	seas
name something there are seven of.	continents
name something people let soak overnight	clothes
name something people let soak overnight	food
name something people let soak overnight	dishes
name something people let soak overnight	dentist
name an event you might have a lot of leftovers from	thanksgiving
name an event you might have a lot of leftovers from	birthday party
name an event you might have a lot of leftovers from	wedding
name an event you might have a lot of leftovers from	christmas
name a profession where you might be bitten by a dog.	mail carrier
name a profession where you might be bitten by a dog.	dog catcher
name a profession where you might be bitten by a dog.	veterinarian
name a profession where you might be bitten by a dog.	police
name an occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend	valentines day
name an occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend	her birthday
name an occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend	christmas
name an occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend	at a wedding
name an occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend	anniversary
name an occasion that a man might propose to his girlfriend	vacation
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into.	jeans
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into.	dress
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into.	car
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into.	elevator
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into.	bus
name something that people try to squeeze themselves into.	bathing suit
name a drink that many people love despite its bitter taste	beer
name a drink that many people love despite its bitter taste	coffee
name a drink that many people love despite its bitter taste	lemonade
name a drink that many people love despite its bitter taste	wine
name a country to which american jobs are being outsourced	china
name a country to which american jobs are being outsourced	mexico
name a country to which american jobs are being outsourced	india
name a country to which american jobs are being outsourced	japan
name a country to which american jobs are being outsourced	vietnam
name an event a child closes their eyes for	sleep
name an event a child closes their eyes for	scary movie
name an event a child closes their eyes for	shots
name an event a child closes their eyes for	making a wish
name an event a child closes their eyes for	prayer
name an event a child closes their eyes for	roller coaster
name an event a child closes their eyes for	hide and seek
name something moms warn their children will make them catch a cold	not wearing jacket
name something moms warn their children will make them catch a cold	germs
name something moms warn their children will make them catch a cold	not wearing shoes
name something moms warn their children will make them catch a cold	no hat
name something moms warn their children will make them catch a cold	wet head
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	bride
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	minister
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	rings
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	music
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	flowers
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	groom
name something that wedding ceremony should be without	vows
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	violin
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	harp
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	piano
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	guitar
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	flute
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	trumpet
name a musical instrument thats difficult to play	oboe
name a toy that might be operated by remote control	car
name a toy that might be operated by remote control	airplain
name a toy that might be operated by remote control	boat
name a toy that might be operated by remote control	tractor
name a toy that might be operated by remote control	motorcycle
name a toy that might be operated by remote control	robot dog
name a minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony.	hiccups
name a minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony.	coughing/choking
name a minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony.	pass gass
name a minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony.	sneezing fit
name a minor ailment you can't stop your body from doing, but would dread having happen at your wedding ceremony.	bloody nose
name a letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin?	c
name a letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin?	e
name a letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin?	b
name a letter of the alphabet that is also a vitamin?	a
name something deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool	flippers
name something deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool	oxygen tank
name something deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool	mask
name something deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool	wet suit
name something deep sea divers wear that youd look silly wearing in the pool	snorkle
name something that people hope will last forever	love/marriage
name something that people hope will last forever	life
name something that people hope will last forever	finances
name something that people hope will last forever	youth
name something you use to decorate your face for halloween	paint
name something you use to decorate your face for halloween	mask
name something you use to decorate your face for halloween	fake blood
name something you use to decorate your face for halloween	clown nose
name something you use to decorate your face for halloween	glitter
name a fruit that you can buy dried	grape
name a fruit that you can buy dried	banana
name a fruit that you can buy dried	apricot
name a fruit that you can buy dried	prune
name a fruit that you can buy dried	apple
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	spouse
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	extra pillows
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	stuffed animal
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	blanket
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	night light
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	gun
name something grownups sleep with in order to feel secure	pet
name an event many people dont like to attend without a date	wedding
name an event many people dont like to attend without a date	prom
name an event many people dont like to attend without a date	party
name an event many people dont like to attend without a date	reunion
name something you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place	clean
name something you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place	water plants
name something you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place	feed animals
name something you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place	take out trash
name something you might ask a house sitter to do while staying at your place	get mail
name something that parents are always telling their kids to clean	their rooms
name something that parents are always telling their kids to clean	their teeth
name something that parents are always telling their kids to clean	their hands
name something that parents are always telling their kids to clean	behind their ears
name something that parents are always telling their kids to clean	their plates
name a reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name	shorter
name a reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name	dislike full name
name a reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name	friends/family insist
name a reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name	rare name/hard to say
name a reason you'd go by a nickname instead of your full name	nickname sounds cool
name a place where it would be rude to laugh.	funeral
name a place where it would be rude to laugh.	church
name a place where it would be rude to laugh.	library
name a place where it would be rude to laugh.	serious movie
name a place where it would be rude to laugh.	hospital
name a place where it would be rude to laugh.	court
name something a man does to groom himself	shave
name something a man does to groom himself	comb hair
name something a man does to groom himself	shower
name something a man does to groom himself	brush teeth
name something a king has, but most men don't.	crown
name something a king has, but most men don't.	castle
name something a king has, but most men don't.	marriage to queen
name something a king has, but most men don't.	thrown
name something a king has, but most men don't.	riches
name something a king has, but most men don't.	servants
name something a king has, but most men don't.	command
name a typical holiday casserole	green bean
name a typical holiday casserole	tuna
name a typical holiday casserole	chicken
name a typical holiday casserole	turkey
name a typical holiday casserole	sweet potato
name a typical holiday casserole	broccoli
name a typical holiday casserole	mushroom
name a small creature who can be very noisy.	cricket
name a small creature who can be very noisy.	bird
name a small creature who can be very noisy.	chihuahua
name a small creature who can be very noisy.	cat
name a small creature who can be very noisy.	frog
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	money
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	education
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	votes
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	running mate
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	gift of gab
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	be a citizen
name something you'd need if you wanted to run for president.	clean backgroung
name something you might hook up to your tv.	dvd
name something you might hook up to your tv.	cable
name something you might hook up to your tv.	video game
name something you might hook up to your tv.	antenna
name something you might hook up to your tv.	satelite dish
name something you might hook up to your tv.	entertainment centre
name something an office worker says they could use more of	paper
name something an office worker says they could use more of	time
name something an office worker says they could use more of	money
name something an office worker says they could use more of	pens/pencils
name something an office worker says they could use more of	breaks/time off
name something an office worker says they could use more of	assistance
name something an office worker says they could use more of	coffee
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	reading
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	exercise
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	sports
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	crafts
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	playing instrument
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	listening to radio
name a pasttime more respectable than watching tv	cooking
name a canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can	tuna
name a canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can	soup
name a canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can	beans
name a canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can	corn
name a canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can	spam
name a canned food that you'd never eat directly from the can	pet food
name a room in the house people like to read	bedroom
name a room in the house people like to read	living room
name a room in the house people like to read	den
name a room in the house people like to read	family room
name a room in the house people like to read	bathroom
name a room in the house people like to read	library
name something people go to a professional to have cleaned.	teeth
name something people go to a professional to have cleaned.	clothes
name something people go to a professional to have cleaned.	carpet
name something people go to a professional to have cleaned.	drapes
name a type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor	watch
name a type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor	purse
name a type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor	jewelry
name a type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor	fur/leather coat
name a type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor	dvd
name a type of item that might be sold fake by a street vendor	perfume
name something people keep near their favorite easy chair.	remote control
name something people keep near their favorite easy chair.	magazines
name something people keep near their favorite easy chair.	telephone
name something people keep near their favorite easy chair.	newspaper
name something people keep near their favorite easy chair.	books
name something people keep near their favorite easy chair.	drink
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	snuggle
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	drink hot cocoa
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	build a fire
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	turn up heat
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	wear a coat
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	exercise
name something people do to keep warm in the winter.	blanket
name a sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving.	shark
name a sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving.	sea snake
name a sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving.	octopus
name a sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving.	whale
name a sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving.	electric eel
name a sea creature you'd hate to run into while scuba diving.	squid
name a type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain.	baseball
name a type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain.	football
name a type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain.	golf
name a type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain.	soccer
name a type of sport that might be cancelled because of rain.	tennis
name something that smells really bad when on fire	hair
name something that smells really bad when on fire	plastic
name something that smells really bad when on fire	rubber
name something that smells really bad when on fire	dinner
name something that a person might change many times throughout their life.	hair
name something that a person might change many times throughout their life.	clothes
name something that a person might change many times throughout their life.	careers
name something that a person might change many times throughout their life.	address
name something that a person might change many times throughout their life.	last name
name something that a person might change many times throughout their life.	partners
name something you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case."	money
name something you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case."	personal products
name something you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case."	tissue
name something you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case."	mace/weapon
name something you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case."	medicine
name something you keep in your pocket or purse "just in case."	gum
name something for which people shop around before buying	car
name something for which people shop around before buying	clothes
name something for which people shop around before buying	house
name something for which people shop around before buying	tv
name something for which people shop around before buying	appliances
name a place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging	shopping center
name a place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging	restaurant
name a place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging	movie theater
name a place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging	place of worship
name a place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging	hawii
name a place you would go with your wife just to make her stop nagging	ballet
name something that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not	kiss during toasts
name something that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not	cut the cake
name something that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not	say vows
name something that the bride and groom do at a wedding that another guest should not	dance to first song
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	soap
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	deoderant
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	toothpaste
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	shampoo
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	mouthwash
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	hand sanitizer
name a hygiene product that you hope your office mate uses every day	perfume
name a profession where you might be called a shark	loan shark
name a profession where you might be called a shark	gambler
name a profession where you might be called a shark	pool player
name a profession where you might be called a shark	lawyer
name a profession where you might be called a shark	car dealer
name a profession where you might be called a shark	agent
name a profession where you might be called a shark	politition
name something a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house	paint
name something a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house	clean it
name something a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house	make upgrades
name something a realtor suggests you do in order to sell your house	lower the price
name a state that youd hate to live in during summer	florida
name a state that youd hate to live in during summer	arizona
name a state that youd hate to live in during summer	texas
name a state that youd hate to live in during summer	california
name a tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital	er
name a tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital	general hospital
name a tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital	grey's anatomy
name a tv show, past or present, that takes place in a hospital	house
name a reason why its hard to slow dance with a ghost	can't see them
name a reason why its hard to slow dance with a ghost	nothing to hold
name a reason why its hard to slow dance with a ghost	can't lead
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	clothes
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	bedroom
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	bed
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	toys
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	food
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	bathroom
name the worst thing to have to share with a sibling	car
name a reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual.	hungry
name a reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual.	teething
name a reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual.	tired
name a reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual.	sickness
name a reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual.	wet diaper
name a reason why a baby may be more fussy than usual.	colic
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	beaches
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	flower necklace
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	palm trees
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	water
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	hula dancers
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	girls in bikinis
name something youd expect to see a lot of in hawaii	pineapples
name something you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular	pay phones
name something you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular	home phones
name something you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular	pagers
name something you started seeing less of since cell phones became popular	letters
name something you wave in the air.	hands
name something you wave in the air.	flag
name something you wave in the air.	sign/banner
name something you wave in the air.	kite
name something you wave in the air.	lighter
name something kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise.	bike
name something kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise.	ball
name something kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise.	jumprope
name something kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise.	trampoline
name something kids use for fun, but adults use for exercise.	swimming pool
name a type of poster a yearold boy might have on his	movie/tv star
name a type of poster a yearold boy might have on his	their favorite band
name a type of poster a yearold boy might have on his	sports
name a type of poster a yearold boy might have on his	pro wrestling
name a type of poster a yearold boy might have on his	superhero
name someone bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook.	his dad/homer
name someone bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook.	his sister/lisa
name someone bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook.	his mom/marge
name someone bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook.	the bully/nelson
name someone bart simpson would block from becoming his friend on facebook.	principal skinner
name a way people get to work in the morning.	car
name a way people get to work in the morning.	bus
name a place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others	hospital
name a place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others	bathroom
name a place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others	bus stop
name a place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others	jail
name a place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others	voting booth
name a place you wait where it could be awkward to make too much small talk with others	court/lawyer
name something provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time	reading material
name something provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time	tv
name something provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time	music
name something provided in some waiting rooms to help pass the time	coffee
name an occasion for which people return to their hometown	reunion
name an occasion for which people return to their hometown	christmas
name an occasion for which people return to their hometown	wedding
name an occasion for which people return to their hometown	funeral
name an occasion for which people return to their hometown	birthday
name something about alaska that non-residents might romanticize	snow/cold
name something about alaska that non-residents might romanticize	wildlife
name something about alaska that non-residents might romanticize	darkness
name something about alaska that non-residents might romanticize	isolation/nature
name a food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather	milk
name a food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather	beer
name a food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather	soda
name a food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather	ice cream
name a food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather	water
name a food or beverage you wouldn't consume after it'd been sitting out in hot weather	meat
name a musical instrument made out of wood	guitar
name a musical instrument made out of wood	violin
name a musical instrument made out of wood	flute/pipe
name a musical instrument made out of wood	clarinet
name a musical instrument made out of wood	oboe
name an article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it	coat
name an article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it	jeans
name an article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it	sweater
name an article of clothing that you dont wash every time you wear it	bra
name an animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race	cheetah
name an animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race	jaguar
name an animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race	tiger
name an animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race	cougar
name an animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race	horse
name an animal that could probably beat carl lewis in a race	bird
name something you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom	guitar
name something you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom	posters
name something you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom	hair gel
name something you'd find in a punk rocker's bedroom	stereo
name something people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house.	lock the door
name something people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house.	turn off the lights
name something people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house.	grab keys
name something people forget to do when in a hurry to leave the house.	brush teeth
name a good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader.	dancer
name a good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader.	coach/teacher
name a good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader.	model
name a good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader.	motivational speaker
name a good occupation for a woman who was head cheerleader.	fitness instructor
name something specific that people flip	coin
name something specific that people flip	pancake
name something specific that people flip	burger
name something specific that people flip	hair
name something specific that people flip	house
name something many men refuse to ask for help with	directions
name something many men refuse to ask for help with	cooking
name something many men refuse to ask for help with	fixing cars
name something many men refuse to ask for help with	paying the bills
name something that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house.	doorway
name something that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house.	ceiling
name something that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house.	light fixture
name something that a very tall person might hit their head on in an unfamiliar house.	ceiling fan
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	hamburger
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	french fries
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	chicken
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	salad
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	bread
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	pasta
name a specific food you can get at almost every restaurant	steak
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	flour
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	salt
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	butter
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	sugar
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	baking soda
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	vanilla
name an ingredient that you use in baking but would not eat on its own	oil
name an expression with the word "kick" in it	kick butt
name an expression with the word "kick" in it	kick boxing
name an expression with the word "kick" in it	a kick out of you
name an expression with the word "kick" in it	kick ball
name an expression with the word "kick" in it	kick it in
name an expression with the word "kick" in it	kick off
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	kind
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	funny
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	friendly
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	smart
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	honest
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	happy
name a personality trait you hope people use when talking about you	fun
name a gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them	drum
name a gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them	candy
name a gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them	dog
name a gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them	horn
name a gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them	guitar
name a gift thats great to give to children if you dont live with them	toy gun
name something parents worry that their kids do too much of.	watch tv
name something parents worry that their kids do too much of.	eat
name something parents worry that their kids do too much of.	sleep
name something parents worry that their kids do too much of.	party
name something parents worry that their kids do too much of.	play video games
name something parents worry that their kids do too much of.	text
name something you see on the set of every game show	hast
name something you see on the set of every game show	contestants
name something you see on the set of every game show	lights
name something you see on the set of every game show	people
name something you see on the set of every game show	podiums
name something you see on the set of every game show	announcer
name something people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there	hunt
name something people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there	relieve themselves
name something people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there	camp
name something people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there	cut down trees
name something people do in the woods that probably annoys the animals living there	litter
name a fruit that people might add to jello	strawberry
name a fruit that people might add to jello	apple
name a fruit that people might add to jello	pineapple
name a fruit that people might add to jello	peach
name a fruit that people might add to jello	banana
name a fruit that people might add to jello	grape
name a fruit that people might add to jello	cherry
name a skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home.	good with money
name a skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home.	cooking
name a skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home.	cleaning
name a skill that parents hope their children have by the time they buy a home.	maintainance
name something you might do on vacation in florida.	swim
name something you might do on vacation in florida.	fish
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	eating sweets
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	falling in love
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	playing games/sports
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	being around kids
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	disney/theme park
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	riding a bike
no matter what your age name something that can make you feel like a kid again	dancing
name something a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool	urinating
name something a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool	running
name something a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool	skinny dipping
name something a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool	dive in shallow part
name something a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool	fighting
name something a kid might do that would get them kicked out of a public swimming pool	not following rules
name an appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping	vacuum
name an appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping	blender
name an appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping	tv
name an appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping	dishwasher
name an appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping	washer/dryer
name an appliance you avoid using when people are sleeping	microwave
name a breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand.	toast
name a breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand.	eggs
name a breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand.	cereal
name a breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand.	waffle/pop tart
name a breakfast food you could prepare using just one hand.	bacon
name the loudest animal in the zoo	lion
name the loudest animal in the zoo	elephant
name something scientists wear in the lab	lab coat
name something scientists wear in the lab	lab goggles
name something scientists wear in the lab	gloves
name something scientists wear in the lab	mask
name something about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female.	bleached hair
name something about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female.	tights
name something about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female.	boa
name something about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female.	tan
name something about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female.	bandana
name something about hulk hogan's appearance that is traditionally female.	earring
name something that could keep a family apart on christmas	weather
name something that could keep a family apart on christmas	distance
name something that could keep a family apart on christmas	work
name something that could keep a family apart on christmas	fighting
name a reason why you might want to hide from someone at work	don't like them
name a reason why you might want to hide from someone at work	late
name a reason why you might want to hide from someone at work	owe them money
name a reason why you might want to hide from someone at work	it's your ex
name a reason why you might want to hide from someone at work	in trouble
name something sister borrow from their brothers.	clothes/shoes
name something sister borrow from their brothers.	money
name something sister borrow from their brothers.	music/cds
name something sister borrow from their brothers.	car
name something sister borrow from their brothers.	deoderant
name something sister borrow from their brothers.	comb/brush
name a reason somebody would wear a hat all the time	balding
name a reason somebody would wear a hat all the time	bad hair day
name a reason somebody would wear a hat all the time	protect from the sun
name a reason somebody would wear a hat all the time	they're cold
name a reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store.	long lines
name a reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store.	shopping with kids
name a reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store.	crowded
name a reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store.	chatting
name a reason why it takes you forever to get out of the grocery store.	sales
name something people do with their index finger.	point
name something people do with their index finger.	pick nose
name something people do with their index finger.	apply makeup
name something people do with their index finger.	wear a ring
name something people do with their index finger.	scratch
name something people do with their index finger.	dial phone
name something you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying	jacket
name something you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying	purse/wallet
name something you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying	cell phone
name something you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying	camera
name something you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying	umbrella
name something you carry with you just in case but hate to get stuck carrying	water bottle
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	taxes
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	credit
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	interest
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	budget
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	stocks
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	mortgage
name something related to finances that its hard to explain to a kid	loans
name something you would rent, but probably not buy.	limo/vehicle
name something you would rent, but probably not buy.	dvd
name something you would rent, but probably not buy.	vacation home
name something you would rent, but probably not buy.	carpet cleaner
name something you would rent, but probably not buy.	tuxedo/gown
name something you would rent, but probably not buy.	storage unit
name a football bowl game.	super bowl
name a football bowl game.	rose bowl
name an organ in the body that many people should take better care of	heart
name an organ in the body that many people should take better care of	liver
name an organ in the body that many people should take better care of	lungs
name an organ in the body that many people should take better care of	kidney
name a reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire.	grows fangs
name a reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire.	likes blood
name a reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire.	sleep schedule
name a reason you might suspect that your roommate is turning into a vampire.	avoids sun
name an expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse	fancy meals
name an expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse	alcohol
name an expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse	entertainment
name an expense from a business trip that your employer probably wouldn't reimburse	shopping
name something you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued	get upset
name something you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued	stock up
name something you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued	complain
name something you would do if you heard that your favorite cereal was discontinued	switch brands
name an actor who uses or used their middle initial.	michael j fox
name an actor who uses or used their middle initial.	samuel l jackson
name an actor who uses or used their middle initial.	george c scott
name an actor who uses or used their middle initial.	edward g robinson
name a date when you shouldn't break up with someone.	valentine's day
name a date when you shouldn't break up with someone.	birthday
name a date when you shouldn't break up with someone.	christmas
name a date when you shouldn't break up with someone.	anniversary
name something a person does to warm up their hands.	rub them together
name something a person does to warm up their hands.	put on gloves
name something a person does to warm up their hands.	blow on them
name something a person does to warm up their hands.	put under warm water
name something a person does to warm up their hands.	sit on them
name something a person does to warm up their hands.	put in pocket
name an ingredient in a casserole.	noodles
name an ingredient in a casserole.	meat/fish
name an ingredient in a casserole.	cheese
name an ingredient in a casserole.	green beans
name an ingredient in a casserole.	cream
name an ingredient in a casserole.	eggs
name the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in.	high heels
name the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in.	boots
name the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in.	sandals
name the worst kind of footwear to run a marathon in.	slippers
name something karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need.	lyrics
name something karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need.	alcohol
name something karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need.	microphone
name something karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need.	music
name something karaoke singers use for help, but a real singer shouldn't need.	backup vocals
name a reason why someone's voice might sound funny.	illness
name a reason why someone's voice might sound funny.	helium
name a reason why someone's voice might sound funny.	puberty
name a reason why someone's voice might sound funny.	drunk
name a reason why someone's voice might sound funny.	accent
name a reason why someone's voice might sound funny.	just woke up
name a breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner	eggs benidict
name a breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner	crepes
name a breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner	belgian waffles
name a breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner	bagel
name a breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner	quiche
name a breakfast item that you'd find on the menu of a fancy restaurant, but not your local diner	croissant
name something you'd see in an office's kitchen area.	coffe pot/mugs
name something you'd see in an office's kitchen area.	microwave
name something you'd see in an office's kitchen area.	water cooler
name something you'd see in an office's kitchen area.	refrigerator
name something that chili may come with or without	beans
name something that chili may come with or without	cheese
name something that chili may come with or without	meat
name something that chili may come with or without	crackers
name a reason why you might skip lunch	not hungry
name a reason why you might skip lunch	too busy
name a reason why you might skip lunch	on a diet
name a reason why you might skip lunch	work/meeting
name a reason why you might skip lunch	feeling sick
name something that celebrities and young children have in common	spoiled
name something that celebrities and young children have in common	crave attention
name something that celebrities and young children have in common	have lots of toys
name something that celebrities and young children have in common	immature
name something that celebrities and young children have in common	no privacy
name something that celebrities and young children have in common	they pretend
name an instance when a parent might try to distract a child	getting a shot
name an instance when a parent might try to distract a child	violence & movie
name an instance when a parent might try to distract a child	upset/hurt
name an instance when a parent might try to distract a child	tooth pulled
name an instance when a parent might try to distract a child	sopping trip
name an instance when a parent might try to distract a child	hiding a gift
name a reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school.	they're dirty
name a reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school.	picture day
name a reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school.	it's halloween
name a reason why a kid might not wear his ordinary clothes to school.	wear's a uniform
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	salt and pepper
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	glass
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	silverware
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	bread
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	napkins
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	butter
name something a person might reach for at the dinner table	food
name a part of your car that can be adjusted	seat
name a part of your car that can be adjusted	brakes
name a part of your car that can be adjusted	mirror
name a part of your car that can be adjusted	steering wheel
name a part of your car that can be adjusted	tires
name a part of your car that can be adjusted	radio
name an activity people commonly take up after retirement	golf
name an activity people commonly take up after retirement	gardening
name an activity people commonly take up after retirement	traveling
name an activity people commonly take up after retirement	fishing
name an activity people commonly take up after retirement	playing an instrument
name an activity people commonly take up after retirement	knitting
name an animal at the zoo you can recognize just by its sound.	elephant
name an animal at the zoo you can recognize just by its sound.	lion
name a color baby clothes comes in.	pink
name a color baby clothes comes in.	blue
name a color baby clothes comes in.	yellow
name a color baby clothes comes in.	green
name something a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic.	candles
name something a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic.	mirrors
name something a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic.	colored lights
name something a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic.	silk sheets
name something a bachelor might buy for his bedroom to make it more romantic.	stereo system
name something kids do over their summer vacation	swim
name something kids do over their summer vacation	play
name something kids do over their summer vacation	go to camp
name something kids do over their summer vacation	sleep in
name something kids do over their summer vacation	travel
name something kids do over their summer vacation	watch tv
name something kids do over their summer vacation	read
name something you might see a lifeguard carrying	whistle
name something you might see a lifeguard carrying	life preserver
name something you might see a lifeguard carrying	towel
name something you might see a lifeguard carrying	surfboard
name something you might see a lifeguard carrying	person
name a vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread.	mountains
name a vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread.	grand canyon
name a vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread.	eiffel tower
name a vacation spot that a person with a fear of heights would dread.	empire state bldg
name a reason why someone might be able to retire at 40.	high paying job
name a reason why someone might be able to retire at 40.	military veteran
name a reason why someone might be able to retire at 40.	won the lottery
name a reason why someone might be able to retire at 40.	inheritance/family
name a reason why someone might be able to retire at 40.	pro athlete
name a reason why someone might be able to retire at 40.	started work early
name the worst part about the lavatories on planes	too small
name the worst part about the lavatories on planes	they stink
name the worst part about the lavatories on planes	they are dirty
name the worst part about the lavatories on planes	no ventilation
name the worst part about the lavatories on planes	no smoking
name the worst part about the lavatories on planes	turbulence
name something that you would buy at a bakery for christmas.	cookies
name something that you would buy at a bakery for christmas.	cake
name something that you would buy at a bakery for christmas.	pie
name something that you would buy at a bakery for christmas.	fruit cake
name something that you would buy at a bakery for christmas.	bread
name something that you would buy at a bakery for christmas.	rolls
name something you need when you're moving.	moving truck
name something you need when you're moving.	boxes
name something you need when you're moving.	dolly
name something you need when you're moving.	friends to help
name something you need when you're moving.	movers
name something people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line.	celebs/scandlescelebs/sca
name something people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line.	aliens
name something people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line.	diets
name something people know more about if they read the tabloids in the checkout line.	fashion
name something in your house that has numbers on it	phone
name something in your house that has numbers on it	clock
name something in your house that has numbers on it	tv/remote
name something in your house that has numbers on it	microwave
name a job in which an attractive person probably makes better tips.	server
name a job in which an attractive person probably makes better tips.	exotic dancer
name a job in which an attractive person probably makes better tips.	bartender
name something parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed	magazines
name something parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed	moldy food
name something parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed	dirty clothes
name something parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed	boogieman
name something parents wouldnt want to find under their childs bed	trash
name a public place where it is okay to yell	park
name a public place where it is okay to yell	concert
name a public place where it is okay to yell	sports event
name a public place where it is okay to yell	amusement park
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	laundry
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	clean
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	eat
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	go to work
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	sleep
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	use bathroom
name something you do each day but you never see soap opera characters doing	shop
name something that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform.	tight rope
name something that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform.	trapeze
name something that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform.	taming lion
name something that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform.	sword swallowing
name something that a circus performer's parents would cringe at seeing him perform.	eating fire
name something every college freshmen will spend money on	books
name something every college freshmen will spend money on	food
name something every college freshmen will spend money on	beer
name something every college freshmen will spend money on	computer
name something every college freshmen will spend money on	tuition
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	another woman
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	cell phone
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	his parents
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	work/ laptop
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	his best friend
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	golf clubs
name something that a man had better not take along on his honeymoon	his pet
name a complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at	too much smoke
name a complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at	noise
name a complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at	bad service
name a complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at	watery drinks
name a complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at	expensive drinks
name a complaint a customer might have about a bar theyre at	too rowdy
name a movie that has become a cult classic	rocky horror
name a movie that has become a cult classic	pulp fiction
name a movie that has become a cult classic	a clockwork orange
name a movie that has become a cult classic	breakfast club
name a movie that has become a cult classic	napolean dynamite
name a movie that has become a cult classic	blair witch project
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	grand canyon
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	empire state building
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	space needle
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	eiffel tower
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	washington monument
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	niagra falls
name a tourist attraction that offers a great view	st. louis arch
name something it would be rude not to do when being introduced to a stranger	shake hands
name something it would be rude not to do when being introduced to a stranger	smile
name something it would be rude not to do when being introduced to a stranger	say hello
name a part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date.	fixing hair
name a part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date.	applying makeup
name a part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date.	shaving
name a part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date.	dressing
name a part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date.	showering
name a part of grooming that you'd spend more time on before a big date.	brushing teeth
name a place where school children often go for field trips	zoo
name a place where school children often go for field trips	museum
name a place where school children often go for field trips	park
name a place where school children often go for field trips	farm
name a big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings.	death
name a big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings.	wedding
name a big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings.	new baby
name a big event that happens to tv characters in order to up ratings.	fall in love
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	fish
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	soup
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	pizza
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	noodles
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	hot dog
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	ribs
name a food that would be disgusting to be fed romantically	chicken
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	floor mats
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	windows
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	ashtray
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	carpet
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	trunk
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	dashboard
name something specific inside your car that you might ask the car wash guys to clean.	steering wheel
name something specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space.	eat/drink
name something specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space.	use the bathroom
name something specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space.	move around/exercise
name something specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space.	sleep
name something specific that must be really hard for astronauts to do while in space.	breathe
name an occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy?	nurse
name an occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy?	dancer
name an occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy?	model
name an occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy?	waitress
name an occupation where women are often portrayed as sexy?	secretary
name something a deejay needs to play a gig.	music
name something a deejay needs to play a gig.	turntable
name something a deejay needs to play a gig.	microphone
name something a deejay needs to play a gig.	laptop/ipod
name something a deejay needs to play a gig.	sound system
name something a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed	eye patch
name something a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed	hook
name something a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed	hat
name something a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed	wooden leg
name something a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed	sword
name something a pirate has to take off before he goes to bed	parrot
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	broccoli
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	carrots
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	corn
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	cabbage
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	cauliflower
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	asparagus
name a vegetable that people like to steam.	green beans
name something bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance.	cut in half
name something bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance.	disappear
name something bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance.	trip
name something bad that might happen to a magician's assistant during a performance.	get hit by a knife
name something restaurants have in them to appear fancier	table linens
name something restaurants have in them to appear fancier	fancy food
name something restaurants have in them to appear fancier	candles
name something restaurants have in them to appear fancier	wine list
name something restaurants have in them to appear fancier	chandelier
name something you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store.	cowboy boots
name something you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store.	cowboy hat
name something you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store.	chaps
name something you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store.	spurs
name something you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store.	rope
name something you can buy at a western store you probably can't buy in a regular clothes store.	saddle
name a place where you hate to see litter	park
name a place where you hate to see litter	beach
name a place where you hate to see litter	roadside
name a place where you hate to see litter	yard
name a place where you hate to see litter	schoolyard
name a souvenir a tourist might bbring home from hollywood	t shirt
name a souvenir a tourist might bbring home from hollywood	picture
name a subject you can't discuss without losing your temper.	politics
name a subject you can't discuss without losing your temper.	religion
name a subject you can't discuss without losing your temper.	health care
name a subject you can't discuss without losing your temper.	money
name a subject you can't discuss without losing your temper.	obama
name someone you see on a regular basis who charges too much.	doctor
name someone you see on a regular basis who charges too much.	gas station
name someone you see on a regular basis who charges too much.	dentist
name someone you see on a regular basis who charges too much.	hair dresser
name someone you see on a regular basis who charges too much.	supermarket
name someone you see on a regular basis who charges too much.	convenience store
name someone you wish you could dance like.	fred astaire
name someone you wish you could dance like.	ginger rogers
name someone you wish you could dance like.	patrick swayze
name someone you wish you could dance like.	john travolta
name someone you wish you could dance like.	michael jackson
name someone you wish you could dance like.	gene kelly
name something that distracts you in a car	radio
name something that distracts you in a car	kids
name something people buy at the last minute for christmas.	presents
name something people buy at the last minute for christmas.	food
name a snow-related activity santa might do to stay healthy.	skiing
name a snow-related activity santa might do to stay healthy.	snowboard
name a kind of weather that would cause you not to see as well.	fog
name a kind of weather that would cause you not to see as well.	snow
name an animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat.	dog
name an animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat.	parrot
name an animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat.	monkey
name an animal that would look cute in a pirate's hat.	cat
name something you hang onto for dear life.	person
name something you hang onto for dear life.	money
name something you hang onto for dear life.	pictures
name something you hang onto for dear life.	purse
name something you hang onto for dear life.	pride
name something you see in a museum.	paintings
name something you see in a museum.	statue
name something people stop for on their way to work	coffee
name something people stop for on their way to work	breakfast
name a specific food you'd keep in the refrigerator crisper.	lettuce
name a specific food you'd keep in the refrigerator crisper.	tomato
name something in your house that you use at least once a day.	bathroom
name something in your house that you use at least once a day.	telephone
name something in your house that you use at least once a day.	stove/oven
name something in your house that you use at least once a day.	soap
name something in your house that you use at least once a day.	television
name something cher is famous for	singing
name something cher is famous for	sonny cher show
name sport that does not use a ball.	hockey
name sport that does not use a ball.	swimming
name a reason you wouldn't want to drive behind a bus	you're in a hurry
name a reason you wouldn't want to drive behind a bus	frequent stops
name a gift that is often re-gifted.	clothes
name a gift that is often re-gifted.	fruit cake
name something that people swing.	baseball bat
name something that people swing.	arms/hands
name something that people swing.	rope
name something that people swing.	keys
name something that people swing.	swing set
name something you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work.	come in late
name something you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work.	steal
name something you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work.	rude to boss
name something you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work.	not show up
name something you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work.	do nothing
name something you might do on your first week of work, that would make it your last week of work.	long lunch
name something children get in their hair.	gum
name something children get in their hair.	food
name something that people twist.	hair
name something that people twist.	rope
name something that people twist.	ties
name something that people twist.	bottle cap
name something that people twist.	finger
name something that people twist.	arm
name something that people twist.	ankle
name a way you can tell that the person you're talking to is an escaped convict.	prison uniform
name a way you can tell that the person you're talking to is an escaped convict.	hand cuffs
name something you might see inside a bank.	tellers
name something you might see inside a bank.	money
name something you might see inside a bank.	vault
name something you might see inside a bank.	guard
name something nobody wants living in their house.	bugs
name something nobody wants living in their house.	mice
name something nobody wants living in their house.	snakes
name something nobody wants living in their house.	relative
name something nobody wants living in their house.	mother-in-law
name something that reminds you of winter.	snow
name something that reminds you of winter.	snowman
name a fictional character who hates the holidays.	grinch
name a fictional character who hates the holidays.	scrooge
name a comedian who has, or had, a tv series. (full names)	ray romano
name a comedian who has, or had, a tv series. (full names)	jerry seinfeld
name a comedian who has, or had, a tv series. (full names)	dave chappelle
name a comedian who has, or had, a tv series. (full names)	bernie mac
name a comedian who has, or had, a tv series. (full names)	chris rock
name a comedian who has, or had, a tv series. (full names)	martin lawrence
name something people have trouble getting rid of.	insect
name something people have trouble getting rid of.	illness
name something people have trouble getting rid of.	clothes
name something people have trouble getting rid of.	weight
name something people have trouble getting rid of.	mice
name something people have trouble getting rid of.	trash
name something teenagers think it's important to be good at.	school
name something teenagers think it's important to be good at.	sports
name something a boy scout gets a badge for.	good samaritan
name something a boy scout gets a badge for.	outdoors man
name something a boy scout gets a badge for.	starting a fire
name something a boy scout gets a badge for.	being honorable
name something a boy scout gets a badge for.	hiking
name something that comes in a jar.	jam
name something that comes in a jar.	pickles
name something that comes in a jar.	peanut butter
name something that comes in a jar.	olives
name a way you might try to stay awake while driving	roll window down
name a way you might try to stay awake while driving	turn music on
name something a gardener does to a lawn that you would not do to a grass skirt.	water
name something a gardener does to a lawn that you would not do to a grass skirt.	fertilize
name a really small state.	rhode island
name a really small state.	new hampshire
name someone famous who never seems to age.	dick clark
name someone famous who never seems to age.	madonna
name someone famous who never seems to age.	george hamilton
name someone famous who never seems to age.	brad pitt
name something people suffering from colds always seem to be doing.	sneezing
name something people suffering from colds always seem to be doing.	blowing nose
name something embarrassing that can happen when you sing karaoke.	out of tune
name something embarrassing that can happen when you sing karaoke.	forget words
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	milk
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	soup
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	pasta
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	whipped cream
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	cheese
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	pizza
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	bread
name a type of food that might get caught on a man's moustache.	cake
name an appliance you have in you home, that your grandparents didn't	microwave
name an appliance you have in you home, that your grandparents didn't	computer
name something people do in an argument that isn't productive at all.	be aggressive
name something people do in an argument that isn't productive at all.	hit
name something people do in an argument that isn't productive at all.	yell
name something people dislik about a sleeper sofa.	uncomfortable
name something people dislik about a sleeper sofa.	too hard
name a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rain storm.	motorcycle
name a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rain storm.	bicycle
name something you might get hit with if you were at the park.	ball
name something you might get hit with if you were at the park.	frisbee
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	burp
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	talk loud
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	pick nose
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	rude
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	chew mouth open
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	blow nose
name something your date might do in a restaurant which would embarrass you.	pass gas
name a place people keep money on vacation.	wallet
name a place people keep money on vacation.	suitcase
name a place people keep money on vacation.	bank
name a place people keep money on vacation.	sock
name a place people keep money on vacation.	pocket
name a type of bean found in a salad.	garbanzo
name a type of bean found in a salad.	lima
name a type of bean found in a salad.	pinto
name the most important part of a wedding ceremony	exchange rings
name the most important part of a wedding ceremony	minister
name something kids like to snack on between meals	candy
name something kids like to snack on between meals	chips
name something kids like to snack on between meals	cookies
name a good homemade holiday gift	cookies
name a good homemade holiday gift	sweater
name a good homemade holiday gift	card
name something that makes you sweat just thinking about it.	running
name something that makes you sweat just thinking about it.	spicy food
name something that makes you sweat just thinking about it.	sun
name something that makes you sweat just thinking about it.	summer
name something that makes you sweat just thinking about it.	bills
name something that makes you sweat just thinking about it.	beach
name someone you have to be nice to, even if you don't like them.	send us your answers!
name someone you have to be nice to, even if you don't like them.	boss
name someone you have to be nice to, even if you don't like them.	parents
name something you'd need if you're making apple pie.	crust
name something you'd need if you're making apple pie.	apples
name something overprotective mothers are afraid to let their children do.	drive
name something overprotective mothers are afraid to let their children do.	play sports
name something that exists in outer space.	sun/stars
name something that exists in outer space.	moon
name something that might be self-service.	gas station
name something that might be self-service.	car wash
name a reason to see a movie at home instead of at the theater.	cheaper
name a reason to see a movie at home instead of at the theater.	couch
name a reason to see a movie at home instead of at the theater.	less crowded
name a bald actor	telly savalas
name a bald actor	bruce willis
name something irritating that would happen when using a pay phone	doesn't make call
name something irritating that would happen when using a pay phone	takes your money
name the worst food to eat if you are on a diet. ("dessert" is not an answer. be more specific.)	football
name the worst food to eat if you are on a diet. ("dessert" is not an answer. be more specific.)	baseball
name a place you'd find ice.	freezer
name a place you'd find ice.	hockey rink
name a piece of information you would expect to be printed on a business card.	phone number
name a piece of information you would expect to be printed on a business card.	person's name
name a movie you'd be surprised to see a teenage boy watching.	gone with the wind
name a movie you'd be surprised to see a teenage boy watching.	high school musical
name something a ten year old girl might take to a sleep over.	sleeping bag
name something a ten year old girl might take to a sleep over.	pillow
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	george bush
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	john edwards
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	britney spears
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	o.j. simpson
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	michael vick
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	richard nixon
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	tom cruise
name someone who has gone from hero to zero.	arnold schwarzenegger
name something you might drink on christmas eve by the fire	egg nog
name something you might drink on christmas eve by the fire	cider
name a type of fruit you could grow on a tree in your backyard.	apples
name a type of fruit you could grow on a tree in your backyard.	peaches
name a fruit people slice.	apple
name a fruit people slice.	watermelon
name something you wish you had the willpower to do.	lose weight
name something you wish you had the willpower to do.	money
name something you wish you had the willpower to do.	change the world
name something you wish you had the willpower to do.	exercise
name something you wish you had the willpower to do.	stop the war
name something you wish you had the willpower to do.	move away
name something you receive multiple times per day.	send us your answers!
name something you receive multiple times per day.	phone calls
name a holiday dessert with cinnamon in it.	cookies
name a holiday dessert with cinnamon in it.	pumpkin pie
name something people put on top of a piano.	pictures
name something people put on top of a piano.	vase
name something people put on top of a piano.	candles
name something you don't want to do when you're tired.	send us your answers!
name something you don't want to do when you're tired.	work
name something a magician might make appear out of thin air.	rabbit
name something a magician might make appear out of thin air.	birds
name something a magician might make appear out of thin air.	flowers
name an occupation that involves touching others.	masseuse
name an occupation that involves touching others.	doctor
name an occupation that involves touching others.	nurse
name an occupation that involves touching others.	chiropractor
name an occupation that involves touching others.	physio
name a food you'd expect to find at a super bowl party	chips and dip
name a food you'd expect to find at a super bowl party	hot dogs
name a type of business people would not want to live next to.	chemical plant
name a type of business people would not want to live next to.	night club
name a type of business people would not want to live next to.	farm
name a type of business people would not want to live next to.	dump
name a type of business people would not want to live next to.	funeral parlor
name a type of business people would not want to live next to.	airport
name a famous woman tennis player	venus williams
name a famous woman tennis player	serena williams
name something you'd do if you could get away with it.	rob a bank
name something you'd do if you could get away with it.	not work
name something you'd do if you could get away with it.	lie
name something you'd do if you could get away with it.	not pay taxes
name something you'd do if you could get away with it.	speed
name something you'd do if you could get away with it.	cheating
name something you color	coloring book
name something you color	hair
name a superpower you wish you had.	flight
name a superpower you wish you had.	psychic
name a superpower you wish you had.	x-ray vision
name a superpower you wish you had.	invisibility
name something on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it.	lights
name something on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it.	window wipers
name something on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it.	radio/cd player
name something on a car that might break but wouldn't keep you from driving it.	mirror
name something you might see in the jungle.	trees
name something you might see in the jungle.	monkeys
name something you might see in the jungle.	tigers
name a party game that might be more fun to play nude.	send us your answers!
name a party game that might be more fun to play nude.	twister
name a good gift for a kid who's really into baseball.	glove
name a good gift for a kid who's really into baseball.	bat
name something men do faster than women do.	run
name something men do faster than women do.	get dressed
name something men do faster than women do.	drive
name something men do faster than women do.	eat/drink
name something men do faster than women do.	lie/cheat
name something specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work.	beans
name something specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work.	garlic
name something specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work.	cabbage
name something specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work.	pasta
name something specific a belly dancer shouldn't eat before she goes to work.	broccoli
name something a gladiator might take into battle.	sword
name something a gladiator might take into battle.	shield
name something a gladiator might take into battle.	helmet
name something a gladiator might take into battle.	axe
name something a gladiator might take into battle.	trident
name something you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see.	dance
name something you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see.	singing
name something you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see.	flexing
name something you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see.	popping a zit
name something you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see.	nose picking
name something you do in front of the mirror that you might not want anyone else to see.	be nude
name one of the least popular common holiday gifts.	socks
name one of the least popular common holiday gifts.	fruitcake
name one of the least popular common holiday gifts.	sweater
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	sports
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	everything
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	building
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	fighting
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	makign money
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	being smart
name something a kid might think his dad is better at than other dads.	being strong
name something that has a captain.	ship
name something that has a captain.	team
name something you sit on.	chair
name something you sit on.	couch
name something you sit on.	buttocks
name something you sit on.	bench
name something cats like to rub up against.	people
name something cats like to rub up against.	furniture
name something cats like to rub up against.	scratching post
name something cats like to rub up against.	wall
name something cats like to rub up against.	catnip
name a canned food you always have in your cupboard.	baked beans
name a canned food you always have in your cupboard.	tomatoes
name a canned food you always have in your cupboard.	spaghetti
name a canned food you always have in your cupboard.	soup
name a canned food you always have in your cupboard.	tuna
name a canned food you always have in your cupboard.	corn
name a videogame company.	nintendo
name a videogame company.	sony
name a videogame company.	microsoft
name a videogame company.	electronic arts
name something you wish people would do more often.	be polite
name something you wish people would do more often.	smile
name something you wish people would do more often.	say thank you
name something you wish people would do more often.	shower
name something you wish people would do more often.	pray
name something you wish people would do more often.	help others
name a game people play on their cell phone.	candy crush
name a game people play on their cell phone.	family feud
name a game people play on their cell phone.	angry birds
name a game people play on their cell phone.	solitaire
name a game people play on their cell phone.	tetris
name something that is dangerous for children to play with.	knives
name something that is dangerous for children to play with.	matches
name something that is dangerous for children to play with.	fires
name something that is dangerous for children to play with.	guns
name something that is dangerous for children to play with.	scissors
name something that is dangerous for children to play with.	electrical socket
name a good way to teach children the value of money.	money
name a good way to teach children the value of money.	saving
name a good way to teach children the value of money.	earn it
name a good way to teach children the value of money.	open bank account
name a good way to teach children the value of money.	pay for own stuff
name a good way to teach children the value of money.	take them shopping
name something kids want to do over and over when they first learn it.	ride bike
name something kids want to do over and over when they first learn it.	talk
name something kids want to do over and over when they first learn it.	walk
name something kids want to do over and over when they first learn it.	swim
name something kids want to do over and over when they first learn it.	tie shoes
name something kids want to do over and over when they first learn it.	read
name something you expect to see at a hotel.	beds
name something you expect to see at a hotel.	clean towels
name something you expect to see at a hotel.	bellhop
name something you expect to see at a hotel.	bibles
name something you expect to see at a hotel.	bars
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	graduation
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	christmas
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	kid's moving out
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	birthdays
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	first day of school
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	anniversary
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	wedding
name an occassion that all parents look forward to.	mother's
name something a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping.	clean
name something a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping.	sleep
name something a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping.	watch tv
name something a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping.	cook
name something a stay-at-home parent does while the kids are napping.	read
name something you know about tennessee williams.	playwright
name something you know about tennessee williams.	streetcar named desire
name something you know about tennessee williams.	alcoholism
name something you know about tennessee williams.	poet
name something you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing.	food in teeth
name something you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing.	need a kleenex
name something you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing.	bad breath
name something you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing.	zipper down
name something you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing.	body odor
name something you should always point out to a friend even though it's embarrassing.	behaving badly
name a specific way a couple might show affection in public.	hold hands
name a specific way a couple might show affection in public.	kiss
name something kids threaten to do when they're mad.	run away
name something kids threaten to do when they're mad.	have tantrum
name something kids threaten to do when they're mad.	throw
name something kids threaten to do when they're mad.	hold breath
name something kids threaten to do when they're mad.	hurt someone
name something people sterilize.	baby bottles
name something people sterilize.	syringes
name something people sterilize.	dishes
name a sport where you "serve" a ball.	tennis
name a sport where you "serve" a ball.	volleyball
name something kids do to get attention from their parents.	yell
name something kids do to get attention from their parents.	cry
name something kids do to get attention from their parents.	sulk
name something kids do to get attention from their parents.	tantrum
name something kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't.	bugs
name something kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't.	food
name something kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't.	homesick
name something kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't.	weather
name something kids can get away with in the summer that adults can't.	boredom
name a specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure.	elevator
name a specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure.	subway/train
name a specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure.	work/office bldg.
name a specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure.	home/basement
name a specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure.	mall/store
name a specific place where you'd hate to be when there's a major power failure.	doctor/surgery
name something parents wish a baby could do for themselves	change diapers
name something parents wish a baby could do for themselves	feed themselves
name an animal a child dreams about owning.	dog
name an animal a child dreams about owning.	pony
name an animal a child dreams about owning.	elephant
name an animal a child dreams about owning.	monkey
name a cartoon character you can have your picture taken with at disneyland.	mickey mouse
name a cartoon character you can have your picture taken with at disneyland.	goofy
name a cartoon character you can have your picture taken with at disneyland.	minnie mouse
name something kids love to drink.	soft drink
name something kids love to drink.	kool aid
name something kids love to drink.	juice
name something kids love to drink.	milk
name something kids love to drink.	hot chocolate
name something that begins with "hold your..."	hold your horses
name something that begins with "hold your..."	hold your breath
name something that begins with "hold your..."	hold your tongue
name something that begins with "hold your..."	hold your temper
name something that begins with "hold your..."	hold your hand
name something annoying kids say on a long car trip	are we there yet?
name something annoying kids say on a long car trip	i need to go to the bathr
name a job someone with claustrophia should not do.	elevator operator
name a job someone with claustrophia should not do.	miner
name a job someone with claustrophia should not do.	airplane pilot
name a job someone with claustrophia should not do.	astronaut
name something an alien might report that earth has a lot of.	people
name something an alien might report that earth has a lot of.	pollution
name something an alien might report that earth has a lot of.	food
name something an alien might report that earth has a lot of.	cars
name something an alien might report that earth has a lot of.	water
name something an alien might report that earth has a lot of.	crime
name something a man might not have anymore after a divorce.	money
name something a man might not have anymore after a divorce.	wife
name something a man might not have anymore after a divorce.	house
name something a man might not have anymore after a divorce.	children
name a city in canada everyone has heard of.	toronto
name a city in canada everyone has heard of.	montreal
name a city in canada everyone has heard of.	vancouver
name a city in canada everyone has heard of.	quebec city
name a city in canada everyone has heard of.	niagra falls
name a city in canada everyone has heard of.	calgary
name something people give to others as proof of their love.	ring/jewelry
name something people give to others as proof of their love.	flowers
name something people give to others as proof of their love.	kiss
name something people give to others as proof of their love.	money
name something you see on the cover of a christmas card.	santa
name something you see on the cover of a christmas card.	christmas tree
name something you see on the cover of a christmas card.	snow
name something you see on the cover of a christmas card.	nativity scene
name something you see on the cover of a christmas card.	family photos
name something you see on the cover of a christmas card.	snowman
name an animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to.	dog
name an animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to.	snake
name an animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to.	pony
name an animal kids always want for a pet and parents always say no to.	monkey
name something dogs like to chase.	cats
name something dogs like to chase.	cars
name something dogs like to chase.	tails
name something dogs like to chase.	balls
name something dogs like to chase.	mailman
name someone who has to work christmas eve.	santa claus
name someone who has to work christmas eve.	police officer
name someone who has to work christmas eve.	doctor
name someone who has to work christmas eve.	nurse
name someone who has to work christmas eve.	firefighters
name something that is made of gold. ("jewelry" is not an answer. be more specific.)	necklace
name something that is made of gold. ("jewelry" is not an answer. be more specific.)	rings
name something that is made of gold. ("jewelry" is not an answer. be more specific.)	earrings
name something that is made of gold. ("jewelry" is not an answer. be more specific.)	teeth
name something that is made of gold. ("jewelry" is not an answer. be more specific.)	trophy
name something people might skip.	breakfast
name something people might skip.	class
name something people might skip.	jump ropes
name something people might skip.	lunch
name something people might skip.	work
name something people might skip.	church
name something that people say is good for the soul.	prayer
name something that people say is good for the soul.	food/cooking
name something that people say is good for the soul.	confession/truth
name something that people say is good for the soul.	laughter
name something that people say is good for the soul.	music
name something that people say is good for the soul.	friendship
name a problem people have when they're barbecuing.	burning the food
name a problem people have when they're barbecuing.	fire
name a problem people have when they're barbecuing.	keeping coals hot
name a problem people have when they're barbecuing.	smoke
name a problem people have when they're barbecuing.	flies
name a problem people have when they're barbecuing.	rain
name something country singers like to sing about.	love
name something country singers like to sing about.	breaking up
name something country singers like to sing about.	america
name something country singers like to sing about.	drinking
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	paper
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	clothes
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	book
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	pictures
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	computer
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	mobile phone
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	food
name something that might get ruined if it gets wet.	furniture
name a command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers.	sit
name a command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers.	stay
name a command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers.	come here
name a command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers.	fetch
name a command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers.	speak
name a command people give their dogs that they might wish they could give to their teenagers.	quiet
name something a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him.	beer
name something a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him.	remote
name something a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him.	newspaper
name something a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him.	clothes/shoes
name something a really lazy guy might teach his dog to fetch for him.	cigarettes
name something that people in the military use all the time.	uniforms
name something that people in the military use all the time.	combat boots
name something that people in the military use all the time.	helmets
name something that people in the military use all the time.	camouflage
name something that people in the military use all the time.	dog tags
name something people hate being interrupted while doing.	eating
name something people hate being interrupted while doing.	talking
name something people hate being interrupted while doing.	sleeping
name something people hate being interrupted while doing.	reading
name something people hate being interrupted while doing.	bathing
name something on her body that a woman might try to cover up.	stomach
name something on her body that a woman might try to cover up.	cleavage
name something on her body that a woman might try to cover up.	pimple
name something on her body that a woman might try to cover up.	tattoo
name something on her body that a woman might try to cover up.	mole
name something on her body that a woman might try to cover up.	wrinkles
name a place people go because they think it is good for them.	gym
name a place people go because they think it is good for them.	church
name a place people go because they think it is good for them.	doctors
name a place people go because they think it is good for them.	spa
name a profession that requires a lot of traveling.	sales rep
name a profession that requires a lot of traveling.	pilot
name a profession that requires a lot of traveling.	flight attendant
name a profession that requires a lot of traveling.	entertainer
name someone that people have to hire if they decide to build a house:	contractor
name someone that people have to hire if they decide to build a house:	carpenter
name someone that people have to hire if they decide to build a house:	architect
name someone that people have to hire if they decide to build a house:	electrician
name someone that people have to hire if they decide to build a house:	plumber
name a gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did.	flowers
name a gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did.	jewelry
name a gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did.	candy
name a gift you might give to your partner to apologize for something you did.	dinner
name a way of saying goodbye in another language other than english.	adios
name a way of saying goodbye in another language other than english.	ciao
name a way of saying goodbye in another language other than english.	au revoir
name a way of saying goodbye in another language other than english.	sayonara
name a way of saying goodbye in another language other than english.	aloha
name something you buy by the roll.	toilet paper
name something you buy by the roll.	paper towels
name something you buy by the roll.	tape
name something you buy by the roll.	bread
name something you buy by the roll.	wrapping paper
name something you buy by the roll.	film
name something you buy by the roll.	carpet
name something a couple might fight about.	money
name something a couple might fight about.	love life
name something a couple might fight about.	infidelity
name something a couple might fight about.	bills
name something a couple might fight about.	raising children
name something you can draw a picture with.	pencils
name something you can draw a picture with.	crayons
name something you can draw a picture with.	marker
name something you can draw a picture with.	paint
name a sport that is usually played in front of large crowds.	football
name a sport that is usually played in front of large crowds.	baseball
name a sport that is usually played in front of large crowds.	basketball
name something you sleep with in order to feel safe.	spouse
name something you sleep with in order to feel safe.	gun
name something you sleep with in order to feel safe.	stuffed animal
name something you sleep with in order to feel safe.	blanket
name something you sleep with in order to feel safe.	night light
name a movie about robots.	i robot
name a movie about robots.	robocop
name a movie about robots.	terminator
name a movie about robots.	transformers
name a movie about robots.	robots
name a movie about robots.	short circuit
name a movie about robots.	wall-e
name a reason it's good to be jennifer lopez.	"got bucks"
name a reason it's good to be jennifer lopez.	"got ben"
name a reason it's good to be jennifer lopez.	"got back/bod"
name a reason it's good to be jennifer lopez.	"got beauty"
name something you would put in a smoothie.	strawberry
name something you would put in a smoothie.	banana
name something you would put in a smoothie.	blueberry
name something you would put in a smoothie.	chocolate
name something you would put in a smoothie.	mango
name a movie with talking animals.	dr. dolittle
name a movie with talking animals.	madagascar
name a movie with talking animals.	babe
name a movie with talking animals.	shrek
name a movie with talking animals.	lion king
name something that us government spends too much money on.	wars
name something that us government spends too much money on.	foreign aid
name something that us government spends too much money on.	welfare
name something that us government spends too much money on.	politicians
name something that us government spends too much money on.	defense
name something grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses.	candy/gum
name something grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses.	tissues
name something grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses.	money/change
name something grandmothers always seem to keep a supply of in their purses.	medicine
name something that people get dismissed from.	school
name something that people get dismissed from.	jury duty/court
name something that people get dismissed from.	job
name something that people get dismissed from.	military
name something you would find in a tool box.	hammer
name something you would find in a tool box.	screwdriver
name something you would find in a tool box.	wrench
name something you would find in a tool box.	pliers
name something you would find in a tool box.	nails
name a sport that shouldn't be played in high school.	football
name a sport that shouldn't be played in high school.	hockey
name a sport that shouldn't be played in high school.	boxing
name a sport that shouldn't be played in high school.	wrestling
name a sport that shouldn't be played in high school.	golf
name a sport that shouldn't be played in high school.	rugby
name an actor who you think is a nice guy in real life.	brad pitt
name an actor who you think is a nice guy in real life.	tom hanks
name an actor who you think is a nice guy in real life.	denzel washington
name an actor who you think is a nice guy in real life.	matthew mcconaug...
name an actor who you think is a nice guy in real life.	george clooney
name an actor who you think is a nice guy in real life.	will smith
name something most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment.	go out
name something most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment.	cook
name something most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment.	get dressed
name something most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment.	entertain guests
name something most women hate having to do on the spur of the moment.	go to the store
name something that gets frosted.	cake
name something that gets frosted.	windows
name something that gets frosted.	cookies
name something that gets frosted.	glass
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	shower
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	bathe
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	wade
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	swim
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	stroke
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	aquatics
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	front stroke
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	backstroke
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	breaststroke
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	butterfly
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	nap
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	snooze
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	slumber
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	sleep
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	dream
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	head scratch
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	itch head
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	scratch head
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	wash it
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	it
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	lave
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	soap
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	scrub
name something a man would take off his toupee to do.	clean
name a vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them.	broccoli
name a vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them.	spinach
name a vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them.	carrots
name a vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them.	beans
name a vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them.	peas
name a vegetable moms make their kids eat because it is good for them.	corn
name something you'd find in a japanese restaurant.	sushi
name something you'd find in a japanese restaurant.	chopsticks
name something you'd find in a japanese restaurant.	fish
name something you'd find in a japanese restaurant.	rice
name something you'd find in a japanese restaurant.	wasabi
name something people do to relax.	watch tv
name something people do to relax.	read
name something people do to relax.	sleep
name something people do to relax.	bathe
name something people do to relax.	listen to music
name something people do to relax.	spa
name something that's found in just about every desk drawer.	pencil
name something that's found in just about every desk drawer.	pen
name something that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do.	cpr
name something that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do.	fire exit
name something that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do.	swim
name something that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do.	call 911
name something that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do.	use seat belts
name something that for safety's sake, everyone should know how to do.	cook
name something that usually happens in september.	school begins
name something that usually happens in september.	labor day
name something that usually happens in september.	leaves turn color
name something that usually happens in september.	fall
name something that usually happens in september.	football season
name something you might display proudly.	university diploma
name something you might display proudly.	trophies
name something you might display proudly.	flag
name something you might display proudly.	wedding ring
name something that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean.	clothes
name something that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean.	silver
name something that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean.	hat
name something that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean.	toothbrush
name something that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean.	towels
name something that a really lazy guy would stick in the dishwasher to clean.	comb
name a holiday that people wear special colors for.	christmas
name a holiday that people wear special colors for.	st. patrick's day
name a holiday that people wear special colors for.	fourth of july
name a holiday that people wear special colors for.	easter
name a holiday that people wear special colors for.	halloween
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	barbra streisand
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	streisand
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	cher
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	dolly parton
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	parton
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	madonna
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	houston
name a famous singer who is also an actress.	whitney houston
name an activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes.	camping
name an activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes.	barbecue
name an activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes.	fishing
name an activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes.	hiking
name an activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes.	watching fire..
name an activity during which people get "eaten alive" by mosquitoes.	yard work
name an occasion when you know people will say nice things about you.	birthday
name an occasion when you know people will say nice things about you.	wedding
name an occasion when you know people will say nice things about you.	funeral
name an occasion when you know people will say nice things about you.	anniversary
name an occasion when you know people will say nice things about you.	return from war
name an occasion when you know people will say nice things about you.	graduation
name something you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out.	wedding
name something you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out.	school reunion
name something you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out.	date
name something you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out.	relationship
name something you've lost weight for and as soon as it was over you pigged out.	swimsuit season
name a country that is known for having rude people.	usa
name a country that is known for having rude people.	russia
name a country that is known for having rude people.	poland
name a country that is known for having rude people.	france
name something that makes you feel better.	children
name something that makes you feel better.	exercise
name something that makes you feel better.	laughing
name something that makes you feel better.	healthy foods
name a food you would avoid eating on a date.	garlic
name a food you would avoid eating on a date.	spaghetti
name a food you would avoid eating on a date.	fish
name a food you would avoid eating on a date.	chicken wings
name something that never lasts as long as you hope it would.	money
name something that never lasts as long as you hope it would.	love
name something that never lasts as long as you hope it would.	vacation
name something that never lasts as long as you hope it would.	making love
name something that never lasts as long as you hope it would.	food
name the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up.	smoking
name the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up.	unhealthy foods
name the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up.	sex
name the worst thing a doctor could order a person to give up.	drinking alcohol
name a kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports.	bar/club
name a kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports.	home
name a kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports.	sports event
name a kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports.	barber shop
name a kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports.	work
name a kind of place where men sit around and discuss sports.	locker room/gym
name a romantic place you might go on a date.	restaurant
name a romantic place you might go on a date.	beach
name a romantic place you might go on a date.	movies
name a romantic place you might go on a date.	park
name a romantic place you might go on a date.	hawaii
name something on your body that moves when you jump around.	chest
name something on your body that moves when you jump around.	arms
name something on your body that moves when you jump around.	hair
name something on your body that moves when you jump around.	belly
name a sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald".	oink
name a sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald".	moo
name a sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald".	quack
name a sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald".	e-i-e-i-o
name a sound kids make when they sing "old macdonald".	cluck
name a fruit commonly found in fruit salad.	grapes
name a fruit commonly found in fruit salad.	apples
name a fruit commonly found in fruit salad.	strawberries
name a fruit commonly found in fruit salad.	pineapples
name a fruit commonly found in fruit salad.	oranges
name a fruit commonly found in fruit salad.	bananas
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	swimming
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	running/jogging
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	playing sports
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	bending over
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	skydiving
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	drive convertible
name an activity that maight cause a man's toupee to fall off.	making love
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	hotel/motel
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	jewelry store
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	florist
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	restaurant
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	lingerie/clothes
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	bar
name a type of receipt that a wife might find in her cheating husband's pocket.	perfume
name something you might buy used.	cars
name something you might buy used.	clothes
name something you might buy used.	furniture
name something you might buy used.	book
name something you might buy used.	electronics
name something some people don't take off when they go to bed.	underpants
name something some people don't take off when they go to bed.	socks
name something some people don't take off when they go to bed.	jewelry/watch
name something some people don't take off when they go to bed.	underwear
name something some people don't take off when they go to bed.	makeup
name something you see on a roulette table.	chips
name something you see on a roulette table.	ball
name something you see on a roulette table.	numbers
name something you see on a roulette table.	money
name something you see on a roulette table.	wheel
name something you see on a roulette table.	dice
name something you see on a roulette table.	cards
name something you eat on a bun.	hot dog
name something you eat on a bun.	hamburger
name a vehicle that is used by the military.	humvee
name a vehicle that is used by the military.	tank
name a vehicle that is used by the military.	jeeps
name a vehicle that is used by the military.	airplanes
name something a 17th century pirate might think the moon was.	cheese
name something a 17th century pirate might think the moon was.	star
name something a 17th century pirate might think the moon was.	light
name something a 17th century pirate might think the moon was.	god
name something a 17th century pirate might think the moon was.	gold
name something atlantic city is known for.	gambling
name something atlantic city is known for.	casinos
name something atlantic city is known for.	boardwalk
name something atlantic city is known for.	miss america
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	darkened
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	gray
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	black
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	green
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	dark blue
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	navy
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	blue
name a color the sky turns when the weather gets bad.	red
name a gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like.	clothes
name a gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like.	appliance
name a gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like.	jewelry
name a gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like.	flowers
name a gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like.	candy
name a gift from their husbands that wives have to sometimes pretend to like.	sporting goods
name something that hits your car and leaves a ding.	car/car door
name something that hits your car and leaves a ding.	shopping cart
name something that hits your car and leaves a ding.	stone/rock
name something that hits your car and leaves a ding.	bicycle
name something a doctor might use.	stethoscope
name something a doctor might use.	needle
name something a doctor might use.	scalpel
name something a doctor might use.	thermometer
name something a doctor might use.	tongue depressor
name a well-known frank or frankie.	frank sinatra
name a well-known frank or frankie.	frankie avalon
name a well-known frank or frankie.	frankie muniz
name a well-known frank or frankie.	frank l. wright
name a well-known frank or frankie.	frank gifford
name something you might do when your hair is a mess.	wear hat
name something you might do when your hair is a mess.	comb it
name something you might do when your hair is a mess.	wash it
name something you might do when your hair is a mess.	hairdresser
name something you might do when your hair is a mess.	scarf
name something you might do when your hair is a mess.	ponytail
name a kind of place that's known for serving really bad food.	cheap restaurant
name a kind of place that's known for serving really bad food.	hospital
name a kind of place that's known for serving really bad food.	school
name a kind of place that's known for serving really bad food.	convenience stores
name a kind of place that's known for serving really bad food.	food truck
name a kind of place that's known for serving really bad food.	prison
name something you should read the manual before using but most people don't.	car
name something you should read the manual before using but most people don't.	tv
name something you should read the manual before using but most people don't.	computer
name something you should read the manual before using but most people don't.	cell phone
name something you should read the manual before using but most people don't.	microwave
name something you should read the manual before using but most people don't.	dvd player
name someone a kid believes in that an adult doesn't.	santa
name someone a kid believes in that an adult doesn't.	easter bunny
name someone a kid believes in that an adult doesn't.	tooth fairy
name someone a kid believes in that an adult doesn't.	mickey mouse
name something kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do.	go to bed
name something kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do.	eat
name something kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do.	take a bath
name something kids must be forced to do but their parents love to do.	read a book
name something you would applaud.	concerts
name something you would applaud.	plays
name something you would applaud.	graduation
name something you would applaud.	game show
name something you would applaud.	speaker
name a place that has a lot of exits.	movie theater
name a place that has a lot of exits.	hospital
name a place that has a lot of exits.	shopping mall
name a place that has a lot of exits.	school
name a place that has a lot of exits.	freeway
name an animal found on an australian coin.	kangaroo
name an animal found on an australian coin.	platypus
name an animal found on an australian coin.	emu
name an animal found on an australian coin.	echidna
name a music performer who goes by one name.	madonna
name a music performer who goes by one name.	cher
name a music performer who goes by one name.	prince
name a music performer who goes by one name.	sting
name a music performer who goes by one name.	kiss
name a music performer who goes by one name.	elvis
name something you would give up if you were training for a marathon.	candy
name something you would give up if you were training for a marathon.	fast food
name something you would give up if you were training for a marathon.	smoking
name something you would give up if you were training for a marathon.	soda
name something you would give up if you were training for a marathon.	alcohol
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	car
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	bed
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	chair
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	clothes
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	weight
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	labor
name something pregnant women have trouble getting out of.	bathtub
name an animal whose bite can kill.	snake
name an animal whose bite can kill.	spiders
name an animal whose bite can kill.	lions
name an animal whose bite can kill.	bear
name an animal whose bite can kill.	sharks
name something about you peple might say was "sharp".	wit
name something about you peple might say was "sharp".	clothes
name something about you peple might say was "sharp".	mind
name something about you peple might say was "sharp".	personality
name something about you peple might say was "sharp".	hairstyle
name something about you peple might say was "sharp".	conversation
name something you slurp.	slurpee
name something you slurp.	drink
name something you slurp.	soup
name something you slurp.	milkshake
name something you slurp.	tea
name a country that seems to tell other countries what to do.	united states
name a country that seems to tell other countries what to do.	iraq
name a country that seems to tell other countries what to do.	france
name a country that seems to tell other countries what to do.	russia
name something people often buy on credit.	car
name something people often buy on credit.	house
name something people often buy on credit.	clothes
name something people often buy on credit.	furniture
name something people often buy on credit.	appliances
name something people often buy on credit.	gasoline
name a child star who grew up right.	neil patrick harris
name a child star who grew up right.	shirley temple
name a child star who grew up right.	hilary duff
name a child star who grew up right.	dakota fanning
name a child star who grew up right.	natalie portman
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	pray
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	check car
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	rest
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	go to bathroom
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	get focused
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	helmet/suit on
name something a nascar driver might do right before a race.	drink liquids
name a food you cook in a frying pan.	eggs
name a food you cook in a frying pan.	chicken
name a food you cook in a frying pan.	bacon
name a food you cook in a frying pan.	hamburgers
name a food you cook in a frying pan.	fish
name a food you cook in a frying pan.	potatoes
name something that people put on during the course of a day.	clothes
name something that people put on during the course of a day.	makeup
name something that people put on during the course of a day.	deodorant
name something that people put on during the course of a day.	a smile
name something that people put on during the course of a day.	glasses
name something that people put on during the course of a day.	weight
name something people often lose	keys
name something people often lose	money
name something people often lose	minds
name something people often lose	glove
name something you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip.	phone
name something you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip.	map
name something you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip.	water
name something you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip.	money
name something you might keep within arms reach while on a road trip.	purse
name a skinny breed of dog.	greyhound
name a skinny breed of dog.	chihuahua
name a skinny breed of dog.	whippet
name a skinny breed of dog.	dachshund
name a skinny breed of dog.	great dane
name a skinny breed of dog.	poodle
name something you might find on an island.	palm trees
name something you might find on an island.	coconuts
name something you might find on an island.	sand
name something you might find on an island.	treasure
name an occupation where it's important to have clean hands.	food service
name an occupation where it's important to have clean hands.	medical field
name an occupation where it's important to have clean hands.	day care
name an occupation whose members dread rainy days.	construction
name an occupation whose members dread rainy days.	mail carrier
name an occupation whose members dread rainy days.	land scaping
name an occupation whose members dread rainy days.	baseball player
name an occupation whose members dread rainy days.	sanitation worker
name the most evil disney villain.	cruella devil
name the most evil disney villain.	wicked witch
name the most evil disney villain.	captain hook
name the most evil disney villain.	scar
name the most evil disney villain.	ursula
name the most evil disney villain.	jafar
name something that both infants and adults find soothing.	music
name something that both infants and adults find soothing.	affection
name something that both infants and adults find soothing.	bathing
name something that both infants and adults find soothing.	sleeping
name something that both infants and adults find soothing.	milk
name something that both infants and adults find soothing.	rocking
name something you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today.	shower/wash
name something you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today.	brush teeth
name something you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today.	use deodorant
name something you can tell the guy sitting next to you on the plane forgot to do today.	shave
name something you might do while stuck in traffic.	listen to radio
name something you might do while stuck in traffic.	sing
name something you might do while stuck in traffic.	talk on the phone
name something you might do while stuck in traffic.	text
name something you might do while stuck in traffic.	read
name something you hate cleaning.	bathroom
name something you hate cleaning.	the toilet
name something you hate cleaning.	stove
name something you hate cleaning.	refrigerator
name something you hate cleaning.	windows
name something you hate cleaning.	dirty dishes
name something you'd hate to hit while playing golf.	another person
name something you'd hate to hit while playing golf.	animal
name something you'd hate to hit while playing golf.	car
name something you'd hate to hit while playing golf.	tree
name something you'd hate to hit while playing golf.	myself
name something you'd hate to hit while playing golf.	sand trap
name a food you might wash before eating. (be more specific than fruit)	apple
name a food you might wash before eating. (be more specific than fruit)	grapes
name a way you know someone is cold.	shivering
name a way you know someone is cold.	goosebumps
name a way you know someone is cold.	red face
name a way you know someone is cold.	blue lips
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	basketball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	football
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	baseball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	tennis ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	bowling ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	soccer ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	beach ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee of with.	ping pong ball
name something that happens on every david letterman show.	top ten
name something that happens on every david letterman show.	monologue
name something you might find in a freezer.	meat
name something you might find in a freezer.	ice
name something you might find in a freezer.	ice cream
name something you might find in a freezer.	popsicles
name something you might find in a freezer.	pizza
name something a waitress should never be without.	pen
name something a waitress should never be without.	pencil
name something a waitress should never be without.	pad
name something a waitress should never be without.	apron
name something a waitress should never be without.	her hearing
name something a waitress should never be without.	broom
name something a waitress should never be without.	car
name something a waitress should never be without.	comfortable shoes
name something you might do to win over your in-laws.	cook nice meals
name something you might do to win over your in-laws.	give gifts
name something you might do to win over your in-laws.	manners
name something you might do to win over your in-laws.	grandchildren
name something you waste.	food
name something you waste.	water
name something you waste.	time
name something you waste.	money
name something that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off.	car
name something that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off.	house
name something that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off.	furniture
name something that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off.	television
name something that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off.	computer
name something that seems to fall apart about the time you pay it off.	refrigerator
name a profession that's handy to have in the family.	doctor
name a profession that's handy to have in the family.	plumber
name a profession that's handy to have in the family.	builder
name a profession that's handy to have in the family.	electrician
name a profession that's handy to have in the family.	lawyer
name a profession that's handy to have in the family.	hair dresser
name something a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank.	stolen
name something a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank.	towed
name something a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank.	not start
name something a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank.	ticketed
name something a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank.	accident
name something a robber would hate to have happen to his car while he was inside robbing a bank.	slashed tires
name a summer vacation destination that kids never forget.	disney
name a summer vacation destination that kids never forget.	the beach
name a summer vacation destination that kids never forget.	water park
name a summer vacation destination that kids never forget.	grand canyon
name a liquid that is put into cars.	gasoline
name a liquid that is put into cars.	motor oil
name a liquid that is put into cars.	coolant
name a liquid that is put into cars.	water
name something that goes around the world.	plane
name something that goes around the world.	sun
name something that goes around the world.	moon
name something that goes around the world.	satellite
name something that goes around the world.	ship
name a way to prepare eggs.	scrambled
name a way to prepare eggs.	fried
name a way to prepare eggs.	hard boiled
name a way to prepare eggs.	over easy
name a way to prepare eggs.	poached eggs
name a way to prepare eggs.	sunny side up
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	cheers
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	congratulations
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	good luck
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	here's to you
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	to your health
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	to your success
name something people say when they click glasses to toast.	have a good life
name something you might find on a deserted island.	palmtree
name something you might find on a deserted island.	sand
name something you might find on a deserted island.	water
name something you might find on a deserted island.	dirt
name something you might find on a deserted island.	land
name something you might find on a deserted island.	wild animals
name something you might find on a deserted island.	fruit
name something you might find on a deserted island.	cactus
name something impossible to do while standing up.	sleep
name something impossible to do while standing up.	driving
name something impossible to do while standing up.	sitting
name something impossible to do while standing up.	sit-ups
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	listen to music
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	sing
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	talk on the phone
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	honk
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	complain
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	read
name something you would do while stuck in traffic.	yell
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	lays around/mopes
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	throws up
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	nose is hot/dry
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	won't eat
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	whines/yelps
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	coughs
name a way that you can tell your dog is sick.	doesn't bark
name a place with lots of volcanoes.	us
name a place with lots of volcanoes.	japan
name a place with lots of volcanoes.	italy
name a place with lots of volcanoes.	china
name a place with lots of volcanoes.	mexico
name a place with lots of volcanoes.	philippines
name a food that is commonly served as an appetizer.	cheese
name a food that is commonly served as an appetizer.	chicken wings
name a food that is commonly served as an appetizer.	shrimp
name a food that is commonly served as an appetizer.	chips
name a food that is commonly served as an appetizer.	salad
name something you eat with peanut butter:	jelly
name something you eat with peanut butter:	bread
name something you eat with peanut butter:	crackers
name something you eat with peanut butter:	bananas
name something you eat with peanut butter:	celery
name a place children are sent when they misbehave.	bedroom
name a place children are sent when they misbehave.	corner/time-out
name a place children are sent when they misbehave.	principal's office
name a place children are sent when they misbehave.	juvenile detention
name a place children are sent when they misbehave.	boarding school
name something with a beginning, a middle and an end.	book
name something with a beginning, a middle and an end.	life
name something with a beginning, a middle and an end.	movie
name something with a beginning, a middle and an end.	sentence
name something with a beginning, a middle and an end.	person's name
name something a first-time knitter makes.	scarf
name something a first-time knitter makes.	blanket
name something a first-time knitter makes.	sweater
name something a first-time knitter makes.	hat
name something a first-time knitter makes.	socks/slippers
name something a first-time knitter makes.	potholder
name something a first-time knitter makes.	mittens
name something you might bring on a picnic.	blanket
name something you might bring on a picnic.	food
name something you might bring on a picnic.	basket
name something you might bring on a picnic.	wine
name something that requires wind to work.	windmill
name something that requires wind to work.	sailboat
name something that requires wind to work.	kite
name something that requires wind to work.	vane
name a place that might have a bell.	church
name a place that might have a bell.	school
name a place that might have a bell.	stock exchange
name a place that might have a bell.	fire station
name a state whose women are known for their southern charm.	georgia
name a state whose women are known for their southern charm.	texas
name a state whose women are known for their southern charm.	alabama
name a state whose women are known for their southern charm.	south carolina
name a state whose women are known for their southern charm.	tennessee
name a state whose women are known for their southern charm.	mississippi
name something switzerland is famous for.	chocolate
name something switzerland is famous for.	alps
name something switzerland is famous for.	swiss cheese
name something switzerland is famous for.	skiing
name something switzerland is famous for.	watches
name something switzerland is famous for.	bank accounts
name something you eat or drink that's pink.	lemonade
name something you eat or drink that's pink.	grapefruit
name something you eat or drink that's pink.	cottoncandy
name something you eat or drink that's pink.	salmon
name something you eat or drink that's pink.	strawberries
name something you eat or drink that's pink.	kool-aid
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	restaurant
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	movie theater
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	department st..
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	hotel
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	grocery store
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	drug store
name a place that offers senior citizen discounts.	airline
name a place that gets a lot of earthquakes.	california
name a place that gets a lot of earthquakes.	hawaii
name a place that gets a lot of earthquakes.	japan
name a place that gets a lot of earthquakes.	missouri
name a place that gets a lot of earthquakes.	india
name a place where you might lose your keys.	home
name a place where you might lose your keys.	shopping mall
name a place where you might lose your keys.	purse
name a place where you might lose your keys.	car
name a place where you might lose your keys.	bars
name a place where you might lose your keys.	beach
name something a new parent would hate to run out of	diapers
name something a new parent would hate to run out of	formula
name a sport that requires a glove.	baseball
name a sport that requires a glove.	cricket
name a sport that requires a glove.	boxing
name a sport that requires a glove.	golf
name something parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves.	feed them
name something parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves.	laundry
name something parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves.	dress them
name something parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves.	clean their rooms
name something parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves.	pay bills
name something parents do for their children long after the children could do it themselves.	tie their shoes
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	line
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	rope
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	life
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	the road
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	marriage
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	good book
name something you'd hate to be at the end of.	parade
name a ride at disneyland.	space mountain
name a ride at disneyland.	teacups
name a ride at disneyland.	matterhorn bobsled
name a ride at disneyland.	small world
name a ride at disneyland.	splash mountain
name a ride at disneyland.	tower or terror
name something that always comes in pairs.	shoes
name something that always comes in pairs.	socks
name something that always comes in pairs.	twins
name something that always comes in pairs.	eyes
name something that always comes in pairs.	gloves
name something that always comes in pairs.	jeans
name something a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship.	eating out
name something a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship.	flowers
name something a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship.	clothes
name something a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship.	jewelry
name something a man spends more money on when he's in a relationship.	gifts
name the most famous person alive.	barack obama
name the most famous person alive.	oprah
name the most famous person alive.	bill gates
name the most famous person alive.	will smith
name the most famous person alive.	madonna
name a beauty procedure a woman wouldn't do herself	plastic surgery
name a beauty procedure a woman wouldn't do herself	waxing
name a part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned.	back
name a part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned.	face
name a part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned.	buttocks
name a part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned.	shoulders
name a part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned.	legs
name a part of your body that would hurt if you got sun burned.	feet
name something the godfather probably consumes every day	pasta
name something the godfather probably consumes every day	wine
name an animal even an elderly person could outrun.	turtle
name an animal even an elderly person could outrun.	snail
name an animal even an elderly person could outrun.	sloth
name an animal even an elderly person could outrun.	ant
name an animal even an elderly person could outrun.	possum
name an animal even an elderly person could outrun.	monkey
name a country you would not want to live in.	afghanistan
name a country you would not want to live in.	iraq
name a country you would not want to live in.	iran
name a country you would not want to live in.	north korea
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	curfew
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	watching television
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	dating
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	bedtime
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	manners
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	driving
name something that some parents are very strict about, while other parents are very lenient.	school
name something people might lie about at their high school reunion.	job
name something people might lie about at their high school reunion.	income
name something people might lie about at their high school reunion.	accomplishments
name something people might lie about at their high school reunion.	marital status
name something people might lie about at their high school reunion.	age
name the season when the most crimes occur.	summer
name the season when the most crimes occur.	christmas
name the season when the most crimes occur.	winter
name the season when the most crimes occur.	fall
name an instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head.	school/test
name an instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head.	driving
name an instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head.	at a party
name an instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head.	on a date
name an instance when a teenager would be reminded to use their head.	in a fight
name a place where you need an appointment.	doctor
name a place where you need an appointment.	dentist
name a place where you need an appointment.	hair salon
name a place where you need an appointment.	mechanic
name a foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate.	french
name a foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate.	spanish
name a foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate.	british
name a foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate.	irish
name a foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate.	jamaican
name a foreign accent that's pretty easy to imitate.	german
name a popular type of pie.	apple
name a popular type of pie.	cherry
name a popular type of pie.	sweet potato
name a popular type of pie.	pecan
name a popular type of pie.	pumpkin
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	compass
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	food/water
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	cell phone
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	matches/lighter
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	knife
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	gun
name something you hope to have with you if you're ever lost in the wilderness.	flashlight
name an event for writing a speech.	wedding
name an event for writing a speech.	graduation
name an event for writing a speech.	election
name an event for writing a speech.	funeral
name a place where you'd hate to be seated near someone with an annoying laugh.	at the movies
name a place where you'd hate to be seated near someone with an annoying laugh.	on an airplane
name a place where you'd hate to be seated near someone with an annoying laugh.	at a restaurant
name a place where you'd hate to be seated near someone with an annoying laugh.	on public transit
name a place where you'd hate to be seated near someone with an annoying laugh.	at a comedy club
name someone, real or fictional, who was very greedy.	scrooge
name someone, real or fictional, who was very greedy.	trump
name something that "ties you down".	having baby
name something that "ties you down".	work
name something that "ties you down".	significant other
name something that "ties you down".	rope
name something that "ties you down".	bills
name something that "ties you down".	pet
name something that even the happiest couple bicker about.	money
name something that even the happiest couple bicker about.	children
name something that even the happiest couple bicker about.	dates
name something that even the happiest couple bicker about.	in-laws
name something that even the happiest couple bicker about.	jealousy
name something a woman likes a man to have plenty of.	money
name something a woman likes a man to have plenty of.	compassion
name something a woman likes a man to have plenty of.	free time
name something a woman likes a man to have plenty of.	muscles
name something a woman likes a man to have plenty of.	love
name an actor who makes big box office hits.	brad pitt
name an actor who makes big box office hits.	tom cruise
name an actor who makes big box office hits.	tom hanks
name an actor who makes big box office hits.	will smith
name an actor who makes big box office hits.	denzel washington
name an actor who makes big box office hits.	johnny depp
name something a woman might describe as gorgeous.	person
name something a woman might describe as gorgeous.	clothes
name something a woman might describe as gorgeous.	jewelry
name something a woman might describe as gorgeous.	hair
name something a woman might describe as gorgeous.	house
name something a woman might describe as gorgeous.	flowers
name something people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip.	toothbrush
name something people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip.	toothpaste
name something people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip.	underwear
name something people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip.	medicine
name something people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip.	camera
name something people might forget to pack when they are going on a long trip.	razor
name something dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer.	sleep
name something dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer.	pant
name something dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer.	drink water
name something dogs do a lot of during the dog days of summer.	shed fur
name a country you would not like to live in.	afghanistan
name a country you would not like to live in.	iraq
name a country you would not like to live in.	iran
name a country you would not like to live in.	north korea
name something a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture.	frowning
name something a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture.	picking his nose
name something a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture.	crying
name something a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture.	making a funny face
name something a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture.	sticking out tongue
name something a parent would not want their kid doing in his school picture.	blinking
name something a horse jumps over.	fence
name something a horse jumps over.	hurdle
name something a horse jumps over.	jump
name something a horse jumps over.	water
name something a horse jumps over.	trees
name something a horse jumps over.	hedge
name a household chore that is literally a four-letter word.	dust
name a household chore that is literally a four-letter word.	wash
name a household chore that is literally a four-letter word.	cook
name a household chore that is literally a four-letter word.	iron
name a rock band from the 1970s.	queen
name a rock band from the 1970s.	kiss
name a rock band from the 1970s.	the rolling stones
name a rock band from the 1970s.	led zeppelin
name a job that doesn't allow you to be very creative.	police officer
name a job that doesn't allow you to be very creative.	accountant
name a job that doesn't allow you to be very creative.	secretary
name a job that doesn't allow you to be very creative.	fast food worker
name a job that doesn't allow you to be very creative.	cashier
name something people have two of.	eyes
name something people have two of.	hands
name something people have two of.	feet
name something people have two of.	shoes
name something people have two of.	ears
name something people have two of.	legs
name an occupation that has a lot of "quacks".	doctor
name an occupation that has a lot of "quacks".	zookeeper
name an occupation that has a lot of "quacks".	lawyer
name an occupation that has a lot of "quacks".	politician
name an occupation that has a lot of "quacks".	fortune teller
name an occupation that has a lot of "quacks".	car dealers
name something people might not want because it is too much responsibility.	children
name something people might not want because it is too much responsibility.	pets
name something that gives a woman support.	bra
name something that gives a woman support.	friend
name something that gives a woman support.	husband
name something that gives a woman support.	pantyhose
name something that gives a woman support.	girdle
name a city that has a popular song written about it.	new york
name a city that has a popular song written about it.	san francisco
name a city that has a popular song written about it.	chicago
name a city that has a popular song written about it.	los angeles
name something guys like to shoot.	guns/target
name something guys like to shoot.	animals/birds
name something guys like to shoot.	pool
name something guys like to shoot.	basketball/hoops
name something guys like to shoot.	the breeze
name a place elderly singles meet.	church
name a place elderly singles meet.	senior center
name a place elderly singles meet.	bingo
name a place elderly singles meet.	park
name a place elderly singles meet.	retirement home
name a place elderly singles meet.	dance hall
name something great about being an adult.	freedom
name something great about being an adult.	no curfew
name something great about being an adult.	allowed to drink
name something great about being an adult.	make decisions
name something great about being an adult.	driving
name something great about being an adult.	making money
name a job where networking is key.	sales
name a job where networking is key.	lawyer
name a job where networking is key.	realtor
name a job where networking is key.	finance
name a job where networking is key.	politician
name something that has a speaker.	stereo
name something that has a speaker.	radio
name something that has a speaker.	computer
name something that has a speaker.	television
name something that has a speaker.	car
name something that has a speaker.	phone
name something that has a speaker.	congress
name a creature that's known for carrying diseases.	rat
name a creature that's known for carrying diseases.	mosquito
name a creature that's known for carrying diseases.	monkey
name a creature that's known for carrying diseases.	fly
name a creature that's known for carrying diseases.	dog
name a creature that's known for carrying diseases.	rabbit
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	classified ads
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	business
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	sports
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	comics
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	editorials
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	travel
name a section of the sunday paper that you hardly ever read:	obituaries
name something you might see at a grocery check out counter:	magazines
name something you might see at a grocery check out counter:	cash register
name something you might see at a grocery check out counter:	candy
name something you might see at a grocery check out counter:	clerk
name something you might see at a grocery check out counter:	paper bags
name something you might see at a grocery check out counter:	scales
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	chicago bears
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	detroit tigers
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	los angeles rams
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	st louis cardinals
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	chicago cubs
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	cincinnati bengals
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	detroit lions
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	indianapolis colts
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	denver broncos
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	baltimore orioles
name a major league football or baseball team named after an animal:	seattle seahawks
name a sport in which men can play on the same team with women:	volleyball
name a sport in which men can play on the same team with women:	tennis
name a sport in which men can play on the same team with women:	bowling
name a sport in which men can play on the same team with women:	softball
name a circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle.	tiger
name a circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle.	elephant
name a circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle.	lion
name a circus animal that would be much happier living in the jungle.	monkey/ape
name something a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too.	barbie
name something a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too.	muscles
name something a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too.	convertible
name something a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too.	handsome
name something a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too.	hair
name something a ken doll has that the average guy probably wishes he had too.	tan
name something a good life is chock-full of.	love
name something a good life is chock-full of.	happiness
name something a good life is chock-full of.	money
name something a good life is chock-full of.	fun
name something a good life is chock-full of.	laughter
name something a good life is chock-full of.	family
name an occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted.	construction
name an occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted.	pro athlete
name an occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted.	waitress
name an occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted.	exercise trainer
name an occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted.	ditch digger
name an occupation in which you're likely to come home physically exhausted.	fisherman
name something people buy that is scented.	perfume
name something people buy that is scented.	candles
name something people buy that is scented.	air freshener
name something people buy that is scented.	soap
name something people buy that is scented.	deodorant
name something people buy that is scented.	flowers
name a person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it.	parent
name a person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it.	old friend
name a person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it.	grandparent
name a person who might call you by a childhood nickname even after you've outgrown it.	sibling
name something people often open their mouth to do.	talk/yell
name something people often open their mouth to do.	eat/drink
name something people often open their mouth to do.	yawn
name something people often open their mouth to do.	sing
name something people often open their mouth to do.	dental work/clean
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	laundry soap
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	soap
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	detergent
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	dog food
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	licorice
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	suckers
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	sweets
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	candy
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	bonbons
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	lollipops
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	pet food
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	alpo
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	kibble
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	food
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	conditioner
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	shampoo
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	dentifrice
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	toothpaste
name an item a game show loser might win a lifetime supply of.	dish soap
name something that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school.	classmates
name something that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school.	different teachers
name something that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school.	cafeteria food
name something that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school.	bells/schedules
name something that kids who are home schooled would have a hard time getting used to in public school.	gym class
name the loudest animal at the zoo.	lion
name the loudest animal at the zoo.	elephant
name the loudest animal at the zoo.	monkey
name the loudest animal at the zoo.	tiger
name something that a bank uses for security against crime:	cameras
name something that a bank uses for security against crime:	alarm system
name something that a bank uses for security against crime:	guard
name something that a bank uses for security against crime:	vault
name something you might scratch.	head
name something you might scratch.	your back
name something you might scratch.	lottery tickets
name something you might scratch.	bug bites
name something you might scratch.	buttocks
name something you might scratch.	car
name the top movies billy crystal is best known for.	harry met sally
name the top movies billy crystal is best known for.	city slickers
name the top movies billy crystal is best known for.	princess bride
name the top movies billy crystal is best known for.	monster inc.
name the top movies billy crystal is best known for.	throw mama from the train
name the top movies billy crystal is best known for.	analyze this
name something everyone complains about.	weather
name something everyone complains about.	work
name something everyone complains about.	money
name something everyone complains about.	bills
name something everyone complains about.	taxes
name something everyone complains about.	traffic
name something everyone complains about.	gas prices
name an animal that people use for transportation.	horse
name an animal that people use for transportation.	camel
name an animal that people use for transportation.	dog
name an animal that people use for transportation.	elephant
name something trivial people fight over.	money
name something trivial people fight over.	being right
name something trivial people fight over.	what to eat
name something trivial people fight over.	parking
name something a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use.	his razor
name something a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use.	his car/truck
name something a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use.	his tools
name something a man owns that he doesn't like his wife to use.	his underwear
name a medical condition that ends in "itis".	arthritis
name a medical condition that ends in "itis".	laryngitis
name a medical condition that ends in "itis".	tonsillitis
name a medical condition that ends in "itis".	appendicitis
name a medical condition that ends in "itis".	bronchitis
name a medical condition that ends in "itis".	tendinitis
name a sport that is played during the fall.	football
name a sport that is played during the fall.	hockey
name a sport that is played during the fall.	basketball
name a form of transportation that makes very little noise.	bike
name a form of transportation that makes very little noise.	car
name a form of transportation that makes very little noise.	airplane
name a form of transportation that makes very little noise.	walking
name a form of transportation that makes very little noise.	monorail
name a strong woman who scares men.	hillary clinton
name a strong woman who scares men.	oprah winfrey
name a strong woman who scares men.	xena
name a strong woman who scares men.	chyna
name a strong woman who scares men.	wonder woman
name a strong woman who scares men.	queen latifah
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	soda
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	beer
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	eggs
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	hot dogs
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	toilet tissue
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	gum
name something that comes in packs of six or twelve.	donuts
name something that is an oldie but goodie.	music
name something that is an oldie but goodie.	car
name something that is an oldie but goodie.	movies
name something people might display in their living rooms.	pictures
name something people might display in their living rooms.	a television
name something people might display in their living rooms.	artwork
name something people might display in their living rooms.	trophies
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	fish
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	reptile
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	bird
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	cat
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	rat
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	hermit crab
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	dog
name a pet that isn't much work, but also isn't much fun.	pet rock
name a professional athlete involved in a scandal.	alex rodriguez
name a professional athlete involved in a scandal.	kobe bryant
name a professional athlete involved in a scandal.	oj simpson
name a professional athlete involved in a scandal.	tiger woods
name something you own that you talk to as if it were a person.	pets
name something you own that you talk to as if it were a person.	plants
name something you own that you talk to as if it were a person.	car
name something you own that you talk to as if it were a person.	television
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	eye color
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	hair color
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	height
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	nose
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	heart problems
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	baldness
name something people can inherit genetically from their parents:	skin color
name something a childless couple does more than a couple with kids.	travelling
name something a childless couple does more than a couple with kids.	going out
name something a childless couple does more than a couple with kids.	eat out
name something a childless couple does more than a couple with kids.	relax
name something a childless couple does more than a couple with kids.	shopping
name a video game console.	xbox
name a video game console.	playstation
name a video game console.	wii
name a video game console.	sega genesis
name a video game console.	atari
name something that can be framed.	photo
name something that can be framed.	painting
name a good job for the smartest person in the world.	president
name a good job for the smartest person in the world.	scientist
name a good job for the smartest person in the world.	doctor
name a good job for the smartest person in the world.	teacher
name a good job for the smartest person in the world.	computer
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	throw up
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	get dizzy
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	sit down
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	laugh
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	back in line
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	take a deep breath
name something people do right after they get off a wild roller coaster ride.	go to bathroom
name something a man might have expensive taste in.	cologne
name something a man might have expensive taste in.	car
name something a man might have expensive taste in.	clothes/shoes
name something a man might have expensive taste in.	jewelry/watch
name something a man might have expensive taste in.	wine/alcohol
name something a man might have expensive taste in.	cigars
name something you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours.	read
name something you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours.	sleep
name something you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours.	get upset
name something you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours.	internet
name something you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours.	listen to music
name something you'd do if you were stuck in a plane on the runway for ten hours.	watch a dvd
name an exotic animal you would like to eat.	snake
name an exotic animal you would like to eat.	tiger
name an exotic animal you would like to eat.	alligator
name an exotic animal you would like to eat.	monkey
name an exotic animal you would like to eat.	zebras
name an exotic animal you would like to eat.	ostrich
name a breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't.	raisin bran
name a breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't.	cheerios
name a breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't.	wheaties
name a breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't.	corn flakes
name a breakfast cereal that adults hate but children don't.	special k
name your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment.	tv
name your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment.	kids
name your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment.	book
name your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment.	computer
name your one possession that gives you the most hours of enjoyment.	drumset
name a reason you might get sweaty.	exercise
name a reason you might get sweaty.	spicy food
name a reason you might get sweaty.	too hot
name a reason you might get sweaty.	nervous
name a profession that usually has more females than males.	nursing
name a profession that usually has more females than males.	teacher
name a profession that usually has more females than males.	maid
name a profession that usually has more females than males.	hairdresser
name something you buy that has to be weighed first.	fruit
name something you buy that has to be weighed first.	meat
name something you buy that has to be weighed first.	vetetables
name something you buy that has to be weighed first.	fish
name something you buy that has to be weighed first.	cheese
name something from childhood that people hate to sell or give away.	toys/dolls
name something from childhood that people hate to sell or give away.	clothes
name something from childhood that people hate to sell or give away.	blanket
name something from childhood that people hate to sell or give away.	baseball cards
name an occupation of someone who might be called to the scene of an accident.	police
name an occupation of someone who might be called to the scene of an accident.	emt/paramedic
name an occupation of someone who might be called to the scene of an accident.	firefighters
name an occupation of someone who might be called to the scene of an accident.	insurance company
name something you might do on father's day.	cook nice meals
name something you might do on father's day.	barbecue
name something you might do on father's day.	go out to eat
name something you might do on father's day.	buy a card
name something that's really, really hairy.	ape
name something that's really, really hairy.	dog
name something that's really, really hairy.	human
name something that's really, really hairy.	cat
name something that's really, really hairy.	bear
name something that's really, really hairy.	skunk
name a country known for its ancient ruins.	egypt
name a country known for its ancient ruins.	italy
name a country known for its ancient ruins.	greece
name a country known for its ancient ruins.	china
name a country known for its ancient ruins.	mexico
name a professional athlete with a bad reputation.	dennis rodman
name a professional athlete with a bad reputation.	michael vick
name a professional athlete with a bad reputation.	mike tyson
name a professional athlete with a bad reputation.	oj simpson
name a professional athlete with a bad reputation.	lance armstrong
name a professional athlete with a bad reputation.	tiger woods
name something that has flippers.	dolphin
name something that has flippers.	seal
name something that has flippers.	scuba diver
name something that has flippers.	pinball machine
name something that has flippers.	whale
name something that has flippers.	fish
name someplace men go only because women make them.	shopping/mall
name someplace men go only because women make them.	church
name someplace men go only because women make them.	doctor
name someplace men go only because women make them.	family/in-laws
name someplace men go only because women make them.	wedding
name someplace men go only because women make them.	theater/musical
name an organization you might join for the summer.	ymca
name an organization you might join for the summer.	summer camp
name an organization you might join for the summer.	swim team
name an organization you might join for the summer.	boy scouts
name an organization you might join for the summer.	little league
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	going/eating out
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	clothes/shoes
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	cigarettes
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	beer/cocktails
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	sweets/ice cream
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	cable tv
name something you might go without when you're trying to save money.	travel/vacation
name something most kids know about thanksgiving.	turkey
name something most kids know about thanksgiving.	pilgrims/indians
name something most kids know about thanksgiving.	in november
name something you might find under your bed when you clean:	clothes
name something you might find under your bed when you clean:	dust
name something you might find under your bed when you clean:	shoes
name something you might find under your bed when you clean:	book
name a flower or plant that can also be a woman's name.	rose
name a flower or plant that can also be a woman's name.	lily
name a flower or plant that can also be a woman's name.	daisy
name a flower or plant that can also be a woman's name.	poppy
name a flower or plant that can also be a woman's name.	violet
name a meal that everyone knows how to make.	pasta
name a meal that everyone knows how to make.	eggs
name a meal that everyone knows how to make.	hot dog
name a meal that everyone knows how to make.	hamburger
name an actor who would make a terrible action star.	jim carrey
name an actor who would make a terrible action star.	tom hanks
name an actor who would make a terrible action star.	robin williams
name an actor who would make a terrible action star.	betty white
name an actor who would make a terrible action star.	adam sandler
name a food you might serve with champagne.	caviar
name a food you might serve with champagne.	strawberries
name a food you might serve with champagne.	cheese
name a food you might serve with champagne.	steak
name a food you might serve with champagne.	lobster
name a food you might serve with champagne.	pasta
name a food you might serve with champagne.	duck
name a famous cop from tv or movies.	robocop
name a famous cop from tv or movies.	frank poncherello
name a famous cop from tv or movies.	dirtry harry
name a famous cop from tv or movies.	baretta
name a famous cop from tv or movies.	kojak
name a famous cop from tv or movies.	magnum pi
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	grocery stores
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	bank
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	discount store
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	dmv
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	amusement park
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	post office
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	traffic jams
name a place where it seems you're always in the line that isn't moving.	public restroom
name a place that might have a waiting list.	restaurant
name a place that might have a waiting list.	hospital
name an event where you might find ticket scalpers.	concert
name an event where you might find ticket scalpers.	basketball
name an event where you might find ticket scalpers.	baseball
name an event where you might find ticket scalpers.	fastball
name an event where you might find ticket scalpers.	hockey
name an event where you might find ticket scalpers.	race track
name something kids complain about at summer camp.	bugs
name something kids complain about at summer camp.	food
name something kids complain about at summer camp.	homesick
name something kids complain about at summer camp.	weather
name something kids complain about at summer camp.	boredom
name a place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung.	church
name a place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung.	funeral
name a place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung.	movies
name a place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung.	wedding
name a place where you'd be mortified if your cell phone rung.	job interview
name something you put mustard on.	hot dog
name something you put mustard on.	meat
name something you put mustard on.	sandwich
name something you put mustard on.	bread
name a public place you might hear someone snoring.	bus/bus station
name a public place you might hear someone snoring.	park
name a public place you might hear someone snoring.	movie/theater
name a public place you might hear someone snoring.	train/subway
name a public place you might hear someone snoring.	church
name the second most important person in the bible.	jesus
name the second most important person in the bible.	moses
name the second most important person in the bible.	mary
name the second most important person in the bible.	abraham
name the second most important person in the bible.	john
name the second most important person in the bible.	eve
name the second most important person in the bible.	adam
name something people have to run to catch.	bus
name something people have to run to catch.	pet
name something you see at an afternoon tea.	scones
name something you see at an afternoon tea.	cakes
name something you see at an afternoon tea.	tea
name something you see at an afternoon tea.	biscuits
name something you see at an afternoon tea.	people
name something you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car.	use bathroom
name something you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car.	sleep
name something you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car.	cook
name something you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car.	watch tv
name something you can do while riding in a motor home that you can't do in a car.	play cards
name something you get on from time to time.	airplane
name something you get on from time to time.	bus
name something you get on from time to time.	bicycle
name something you get on from time to time.	scale
name something you get on from time to time.	high horse
name something you get on from time to time.	subway
name something you get on from time to time.	diet
name something you get on from time to time.	computer
name a way someone might travel across the country.	airplane
name a way someone might travel across the country.	train
name a way someone might travel across the country.	car
name a way someone might travel across the country.	bus
name a way someone might travel across the country.	hot air balloon
name something people say keeps you going.	children
name something people say keeps you going.	exercise
name something people say keeps you going.	laughing
name something people say keeps you going.	healthy foods
name something santa asks children when they sit on his lap.	been good
name something santa asks children when they sit on his lap.	what they want
name a celebrity who probably had plastic surgery.	michael jackson
name a celebrity who probably had plastic surgery.	cher
name a celebrity who probably had plastic surgery.	phyllis diller
name a celebrity who probably had plastic surgery.	pamela anderson
name a celebrity who probably had plastic surgery.	elizabeth taylor
name a celebrity who probably had plastic surgery.	joan rivers
name something in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half.	child
name something in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half.	house
name something in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half.	pet
name something in a divorce settlement that can't be divided in half.	car
name something that people think is lucky.	four leaf clover
name something that people think is lucky.	rabbit's foot
name something that people think is lucky.	horsehoe
name something that people think is lucky.	penny
name something you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg.	coffee
name something you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg.	sit by fire
name something you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg.	read
name something you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg.	people watch
name something you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg.	sleep
name something you'd do at a ski resort if you had a broken leg.	cry
name a state where 100-degree temperatures are common.	arizona
name a state where 100-degree temperatures are common.	florida
name a state where 100-degree temperatures are common.	nevada
name a state where 100-degree temperatures are common.	texas
name a state where 100-degree temperatures are common.	california
name something you don't like to share, even with your spouse.	food/drink
name something you don't like to share, even with your spouse.	money
name something you don't like to share, even with your spouse.	toothbrush
name something you don't like to share, even with your spouse.	car
name something you don't like to share, even with your spouse.	bathroom/toilet
name something you don't like to share, even with your spouse.	secrets/past
name something a prom queen might save as a memento.	crown
name something a prom queen might save as a memento.	corsage
name something a prom queen might save as a memento.	dress
name something a prom queen might save as a memento.	pictures
name something a prom queen might save as a memento.	flowers
name something you pluck.	eyebrows
name something you pluck.	chicken
name something you pluck.	hair
name something you pluck.	duck
name a candy bar with peanuts in it.	snickers
name a candy bar with peanuts in it.	pay day
name a candy bar with peanuts in it.	mounds
name a candy bar with peanuts in it.	reese's
name a candy bar with peanuts in it.	nutrageous
name an occasion when people take a lot of pictures.	wedding
name an occasion when people take a lot of pictures.	vacation
name an occasion when people take a lot of pictures.	christmas
name an occasion when people take a lot of pictures.	birth of child
name an occasion when people take a lot of pictures.	reunion
name an occasion when people take a lot of pictures.	birthday
name the doctor that people see most often.	dentist
name the doctor that people see most often.	family doctor
name the doctor that people see most often.	eye doctor
name the doctor that people see most often.	obgyn
name something that might take a nosedive.	stocks
name something that might take a nosedive.	airplane
name something that might take a nosedive.	bird
name something that might take a nosedive.	boxer
name something a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her.	hotel/motel
name something a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her.	lingerie/clothes
name something a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her.	jewelry
name something a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her.	flowers
name something a man might charge on a credit card that would make his wife suspect he's cheating on her.	perfume
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job.	mail carrier
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job.	salesperson
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job.	doctor
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of a bag on the job.	lawyer
name something people let pile up.	laundry/ironing
name something people let pile up.	dishes
name something people let pile up.	mail/correspond.
name something people let pile up.	bills
name a place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives.	mall
name a place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives.	store
name a place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives.	public restroom
name a place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives.	beauty shop
name a place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives.	doctors office
name a place where you see husbands standing around waiting for their wives.	dressing room
name a food you might eat on a stick.	corn dog
name a food you might eat on a stick.	popsicle
name a food you might eat on a stick.	chicken
name a food you might eat on a stick.	shish kebab
name a food you might eat on a stick.	candy apple
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	bra
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	makeup
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	underwear/panties
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	hat
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	skirt
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	girdle
name something specific that some women wear and some don't.	high heels
name a reason a teacher might suspect a sick note was written by the student and not the parent.	handwriting
name a reason a teacher might suspect a sick note was written by the student and not the parent.	spelling
name something you can no longer carry on to a plane.	liquids
name something you can no longer carry on to a plane.	scissors
name something you can no longer carry on to a plane.	knives
name something you can no longer carry on to a plane.	nail clippers
name something you can no longer carry on to a plane.	cosmetics
name something you can no longer carry on to a plane.	guns
name something a woman wears when she's feeling fat.	girdle
name something a woman wears when she's feeling fat.	sweats
name something a woman wears when she's feeling fat.	big shirt
name something a woman wears when she's feeling fat.	black clothes
name something a woman wears when she's feeling fat.	muumuu
name something people walk out on.	a movie
name something people walk out on.	a relationship
name something people walk out on.	an argument
name something people walk out on.	a deck
name a sporting event that only happens once a year.	superbowl
name a sporting event that only happens once a year.	olympics
name a sporting event that only happens once a year.	world series
name a sporting event that only happens once a year.	grand prix
name a sporting event that only happens once a year.	stanley cup
name a sporting event that only happens once a year.	wimpledon
name a reason why it would be fun to live in a big city.	nightlife
name a reason why it would be fun to live in a big city.	people
name a reason why it would be fun to live in a big city.	shopping
name a reason why it would be fun to live in a big city.	entertainment
name a reason why it would be fun to live in a big city.	jobs
name a bird with a color in its name.	bluebird
name a bird with a color in its name.	bluejay
name a bird with a color in its name.	red-breasted...
name a bird with a color in its name.	yellowbird
name an animal that bites.	dog
name an animal that bites.	rat
name an animal that bites.	mosquito
name an animal that bites.	snakes
name an animal that bites.	sharks
name an animal that bites.	tiger
name an animal that bites.	cat
name an animal that bites.	lion
name something that you can find in the sky that god did not put there.	planes
name something that you can find in the sky that god did not put there.	satellites
name something that you can find in the sky that god did not put there.	smog
name something that you can find in the sky that god did not put there.	hot air balloons
name something that you can find in the sky that god did not put there.	skyscrapers
name something that you can find in the sky that god did not put there.	sky divers
name something you might see at an airport.	airplanes
name something you might see at an airport.	luggage
name something you might see at an airport.	shops
name something you might see at an airport.	security
name a type of machine that requires coins.	vending machine
name a type of machine that requires coins.	slot machine
name a type of machine that requires coins.	payphone
name a type of machine that requires coins.	washer
name a type of machine that requires coins.	parking meter
name a movie about a bride.	runaway bride
name a movie about a bride.	father of the bride
name a movie about a bride.	princess bride
name a movie about a bride.	bride of frank
name a movie about a bride.	bestfriends with the bride
name a movie about a bride.	seven brides
name something that facebook makes it easier to do.	chat/communicate
name something that facebook makes it easier to do.	find/spy on people
name something that facebook makes it easier to do.	share photos
name something that facebook makes it easier to do.	play games
name something you might see at buckingham palace.	queen elizabeth
name something you might see at buckingham palace.	guard
name something you might see at buckingham palace.	flowers
name something you might see at buckingham palace.	carriage
name something a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them.	remote control
name something a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them.	slippers
name something a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them.	newspapers
name something a lazy person might train their dog to fetch for them.	beer
name something that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news.	affairs/scandals
name something that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news.	weddings
name something that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news.	deaths/funerals
name something that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news.	family feuds
name something that happens in the royal family that usually makes the news.	births
name a fantasy job you'd want in the old west.	sheriff/marshal
name a fantasy job you'd want in the old west.	bartender
name a fantasy job you'd want in the old west.	saloon gal/dancer
name a fantasy job you'd want in the old west.	cowboy/cowgirl
name a fantasy job you'd want in the old west.	stagecoach driver
name a fantasy job you'd want in the old west.	outlaw
name an animal that mates for life.	penguin
name an animal that mates for life.	wolf
name an animal that mates for life.	goose
name an animal that mates for life.	dove
name an animal that mates for life.	monkey
name an animal that mates for life.	lion
name a sport where the players wear gloves.	boxing
name a sport where the players wear gloves.	cricket
name a sport where the players wear gloves.	baseball
name a sport where the players wear gloves.	golf
name a sport where the players wear gloves.	football
name an adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives.	teacher
name an adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives.	babysitter
name an adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives.	neighbor
name an adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives.	celebrity
name an adult that a child might know by name other than parents or relatives.	doctor
name a power tool.	drill
name a power tool.	circular saw
name a power tool.	jigsaw
name a power tool.	chainsaw
name a power tool.	scroll saw
name a power tool.	table saw
name an event that wives get more excited about than their husbands.	wedding
name an event that wives get more excited about than their husbands.	sale
name an event that wives get more excited about than their husbands.	valentine's day
name an event that wives get more excited about than their husbands.	mother's day
name an event that wives get more excited about than their husbands.	anniversary
name a city that's famous for music.	nashville
name a city that's famous for music.	new york
name a city that's famous for music.	detroit
name a city that's famous for music.	new orleans
name a city that's famous for music.	vienna, austria
name a city that's famous for music.	atlanta
name a city that's famous for music.	los angeles
name the coldest room in the house:	bedroom
name the coldest room in the house:	bathroom
name the coldest room in the house:	basement
name the coldest room in the house:	living room
name the coldest room in the house:	dining room
name the coldest room in the house:	garage
name a place you might ride your bicycle to.	the park
name a place you might ride your bicycle to.	the store
name a place you might ride your bicycle to.	school
name a place you might ride your bicycle to.	work
name a place you might ride your bicycle to.	friend's house
name a place you might ride your bicycle to.	the beach
name something show-offs show off.	car
name something show-offs show off.	looks
name something show-offs show off.	money
name something show-offs show off.	talents
name something show-offs show off.	jewelry
name something show-offs show off.	their tattoos
name something that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator.	jam
name something that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator.	mayonnaise
name something that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator.	pickles
name something that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator.	mustard
name something that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator.	peanut butter
name something that just about everybody has a jar of in their refrigerator.	ketchup
name something that people's bodies tell them it's time to do.	go to sleep
name something that people's bodies tell them it's time to do.	go to bathroom
name something that people's bodies tell them it's time to do.	eat/drink
name something that people's bodies tell them it's time to do.	take a bath
name something that people's bodies tell them it's time to do.	exercise
name something your dog absolutely hates.	bath/water
name something your dog absolutely hates.	cats
name something your dog absolutely hates.	thunder/ld. noise
name something your dog absolutely hates.	mailman/strangers
name something your dog absolutely hates.	outside/alone
name something your dog absolutely hates.	caged/tied up
name something that spins around:	top
name something that spins around:	the earth
name something that spins around:	merry go round
name something that spins around:	wheel
name something that spins around:	fan
name something that spins around:	windmill
name an expensive liquid.	alcohol
name an expensive liquid.	perfume
name an expensive liquid.	petrol
name an expensive liquid.	oil
name an expensive liquid.	mercury
name a circumstance that people say only happens to one in a million.	winning lottery
name a circumstance that people say only happens to one in a million.	struck by lightning
name a famous movie that was all about a dog.	lassie come home
name a famous movie that was all about a dog.	101 dalmatians
name a famous movie that was all about a dog.	all dogs...heaven
name a famous movie that was all about a dog.	old yeller
name a famous movie that was all about a dog.	benji
name a famous movie that was all about a dog.	beethoven
name something some people might swipe from the neighbors.	newspaper
name something some people might swipe from the neighbors.	tools
name something some people might swipe from the neighbors.	fruits
name something some people might swipe from the neighbors.	lawn mower
name something some people might swipe from the neighbors.	flowers
name something some people might swipe from the neighbors.	garden hose
name something vampires would not keep in their home that most people would.	garlic
name something vampires would not keep in their home that most people would.	cross
name somewhere children love to go but adults don't.	park
name somewhere children love to go but adults don't.	amusement park
name somewhere children love to go but adults don't.	chuck e cheese
name somewhere children love to go but adults don't.	petting zoo
name somewhere children love to go but adults don't.	arcades
name something people store in a cupboard.	dishes
name something people store in a cupboard.	canned food
name something people store in a cupboard.	flour
name something people store in a cupboard.	cups
name something people store in a cupboard.	sugar
name something people store in a cupboard.	cereal
name something pregnant women are warned not to do.	drink alcohol
name something pregnant women are warned not to do.	smoke
name something pregnant women are warned not to do.	lift heavy things
name something pregnant women are warned not to do.	run
name something pregnant women are warned not to do.	drugs
name a kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off.	movie/theater
name a kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off.	church
name a kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off.	restaurant
name a kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off.	doctor/hospital
name a kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off.	bus
name a kind of place you'd hate to be hearing people's cell phone go off.	school/classroom
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	egypt
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	greece
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	italy
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	china
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	japan
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	mexico
name a country kids study in ancient history class.	france
name something you might do when planning a friend's birthday party.	send invites
name something you might do when planning a friend's birthday party.	get a cake
name something you might do when planning a friend's birthday party.	entertainment
name something you might do when planning a friend's birthday party.	decorate
name something that people want to do early in life.	have children
name something that people want to do early in life.	travel
name something that people want to do early in life.	getting married
name something that people want to do early in life.	retire
name something that people want to do early in life.	go to college
name something that people want to do early in life.	get rich
name something a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents.	jump
name something a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents.	pee
name something a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents.	draw
name something a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents.	spill
name something a little kid might do on the furniture that would tick off his parents.	eat
name something you might find in the ocean.	sharks
name something you might find in the ocean.	a fish
name something you might find in the ocean.	whales
name something you might find in the ocean.	sea shells
name something you close.	door
name something you close.	window
name something you close.	mouth
name something you close.	eyes
name something you close.	book
name an invention that has brought people closer together.	phone
name an invention that has brought people closer together.	computer/internet
name an invention that has brought people closer together.	television
name an invention that has brought people closer together.	car
name something that can make a long flight seem even longer.	crying baby
name something that can make a long flight seem even longer.	turbulence
name something that can make a long flight seem even longer.	bad weather
name something that can make a long flight seem even longer.	no leg room
name something that can make a long flight seem even longer.	delays
name something you'd have at a hawaiian theme party.	food/luau
name something you'd have at a hawaiian theme party.	leis/flowers
name something you'd have at a hawaiian theme party.	grass/hula skirts
name something you'd have at a hawaiian theme party.	hula dancers
name something you'd have at a hawaiian theme party.	island cocktails
name something you'd have at a hawaiian theme party.	hawaiian music
name a us president who was known for having a way with words.	jfk
name a us president who was known for having a way with words.	abraham lincoln
name a us president who was known for having a way with words.	bill clinton
name a us president who was known for having a way with words.	george w. bush
name a us president who was known for having a way with words.	barack obama
name a us president who was known for having a way with words.	ronald reagan
name a place where you would find a vending machine.	hotel
name a place where you would find a vending machine.	hospital
name a place where you would find a vending machine.	airport
name a place where you would find a vending machine.	cafeteria
name a place where you would find a vending machine.	schools
name a place where you would find a vending machine.	break room
name something you plan months in advance.	vacation
name something you plan months in advance.	wedding
name something you plan months in advance.	party
name something you might purchase by the gallon.	milk
name something you might purchase by the gallon.	gas
name something you might purchase by the gallon.	ice cream
name something you might purchase by the gallon.	water
name something specific people complain about being saddled with.	bills
name something specific people complain about being saddled with.	children
name something specific people complain about being saddled with.	spouse
name something specific people complain about being saddled with.	in-laws
name something specific people complain about being saddled with.	job
name something specific people complain about being saddled with.	car
name something you take extra time to do when guests are coming over.	clean
name something you take extra time to do when guests are coming over.	dress
name something you take extra time to do when guests are coming over.	makeup
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	plumber
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	mechanic
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	roofer
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	electrician
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	cableman
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	tv repairman
name a type of repairman whom you suspect is out to cheat you.	builder
name something some people seem to need more of than other people do.	money
name something some people seem to need more of than other people do.	love
name something some people seem to need more of than other people do.	attention
name something some people seem to need more of than other people do.	food
name something some people seem to need more of than other people do.	clothes
name something some people seem to need more of than other people do.	friends
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	smoking
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	overeating
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	nail biting
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	lying
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	sucking my thumb
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	procrastinating
name a bad habit you wish you could get rid of by taking a pill.	nagging
name something a person might do on an airplane to pass time.	read
name something a person might do on an airplane to pass time.	sleep
name something a person might do on an airplane to pass time.	watch movies
name something a person might do on an airplane to pass time.	talk
name an activity people only do when they have kids.	go to playground
name an activity people only do when they have kids.	go to zoo
name an activity people only do when they have kids.	watch cartoons
name something people stick in their ears.	q-tip
name something people stick in their ears.	ear plugs
name something people stick in their ears.	finger
name something people stick in their ears.	pencil
name something people stick in their ears.	wash cloth
name something people stick in their ears.	head set
name something that makes people tremble.	fear
name something that makes people tremble.	being cold
name something that makes people tremble.	earth quake
name something that makes people tremble.	storms
name something that makes people tremble.	spiders
name something that makes people tremble.	death
name something that makes people tremble.	car accident
name someone famous with the first name of michael.	michael jackson
name someone famous with the first name of michael.	michael jordan
name someone famous with the first name of michael.	michael douglas
name someone famous with the first name of michael.	michael landon
name someone famous with the first name of michael.	michael j. fox
name something people have no control over. (new set)	life
name something people have no control over. (new set)	kids
name something people have no control over. (new set)	love
name something people have no control over. (new set)	the weather
name something people have no control over. (new set)	death
name something you do at a concert.	dance
name something you do at a concert.	sing
name something you do at a concert.	scream
name something you do at a concert.	drink
name something you do at a concert.	clap
name something that your kids might do before asking you for a favor.	do chores
name something that your kids might do before asking you for a favor.	say i love you
name something that your kids might do before asking you for a favor.	hug/kiss you
name something that your kids might do before asking you for a favor.	compliment/suck up
name something that your kids might do before asking you for a favor.	behave/act sweet
name something that your kids might do before asking you for a favor.	make plans
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	potatoes
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	eggs
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	apples
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	bananas
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	grapes
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	hot dogs
name a food you buy more than one of at a time:	soda
name a zoo animal that eats more than you do.	elephant
name a zoo animal that eats more than you do.	monkey/gorilla
name a zoo animal that eats more than you do.	hippopotamus
name a zoo animal that eats more than you do.	giraffe
name a zoo animal that eats more than you do.	lion
name a place where kids don't like spending summer vacation.	school
name a place where kids don't like spending summer vacation.	home
name a place where kids don't like spending summer vacation.	grandparents house
name a place where kids don't like spending summer vacation.	camp
name something a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house.	dog
name something a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house.	alarm system
name something a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house.	warning sign
name something a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house.	cameras
name something a burglar might see that stops him from breaking into a house.	light
name a part of the body mentioned in many love songs.	heart
name a part of the body mentioned in many love songs.	lips
name a part of the body mentioned in many love songs.	eyes
name a part of the body mentioned in many love songs.	hands
name something specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide.	sneezing
name something specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide.	breathing
name something specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide.	coughing
name something specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide.	perfume
name something specific that might give you away when you are trying to hide.	clothes
name something wives try to get by nagging.	money
name something wives try to get by nagging.	chores
name something wives try to get by nagging.	presents
name something wives try to get by nagging.	attention
name something wives try to get by nagging.	car
name something you might do to celebrate during the summer.	party
name something you might do to celebrate during the summer.	at the beach
name something you might do to celebrate during the summer.	barbecue
name something you might do to celebrate during the summer.	picnic
name something you might do to celebrate during the summer.	fireworks
name an animal that would just love to rip you apart.	tiger
name an animal that would just love to rip you apart.	lion
name an animal that would just love to rip you apart.	bear
name an animal that would just love to rip you apart.	dog
name an animal that would just love to rip you apart.	alligator
name an animal that would just love to rip you apart.	shark
name a reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane.	talk too much
name a reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane.	snores
name a reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane.	smells bad
name a reason you might be annoyed at the person sitting next to you on a plane.	big
name something in people do to eliminate body odor.	shower
name something in people do to eliminate body odor.	deodorant
name something you might see at a carnival.	ferris wheel
name something you might see at a carnival.	rides
name something you might see at a carnival.	clowns
name something you might see at a carnival.	elephants
name something you might see at a carnival.	children
name a dog breed that has a bad wrap.	pitbulls
name a dog breed that has a bad wrap.	german shephard
name a dog breed that has a bad wrap.	rottweilers
name a dog breed that has a bad wrap.	dobermans
name something people do with their mouth.	talk
name something people do with their mouth.	chew
name something people do with their mouth.	kiss
name something people do with their mouth.	whistle
name something people do with their mouth.	smile
name something a person might do as part of spring cleaning	clean window
name something a person might do as part of spring cleaning	dusting
name something a person might do as part of spring cleaning	clean closet
name something a person might do as part of spring cleaning	garage sale
name something a person might do as part of spring cleaning	clean garage
name something you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets.	walk
name something you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets.	clean
name something you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets.	feed much
name something you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets.	watch
name something you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets.	groom
name something you don't have to do for fish when you have them as pets.	entertain
name a movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight.	godzilla
name a movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight.	frankenstein
name a movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight.	king kong
name a movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight.	wolfman/werewolf
name a movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight.	freddy krueger
name a movie monster you think could take dracula in a fight.	jason
name a place where shoplifters stash the goods, until they're out of the store.	clothes
name a place where shoplifters stash the goods, until they're out of the store.	purse
name a place where shoplifters stash the goods, until they're out of the store.	backpack
name something you see in a palace.	queen
name something you see in a palace.	throne
name something you see in a palace.	king
name something you see in a palace.	princess
name something you see in a palace.	prince
name something you see in a palace.	jewels
name something people drink at christmas.	eggnog
name something people drink at christmas.	wine
name something people drink at christmas.	champagne
name something people drink at christmas.	brandy
name something people drink at christmas.	applecider
name a reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth.	looks funny
name a reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth.	gets teased
name a reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth.	can't kiss
name a reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth.	food gets stuck
name a reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth.	they hurt
name a reason a boy says he hates wearing braces on his teeth.	girls
name an excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing.	overslept/alarm
name an excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing.	traffic jam
name an excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing.	car trouble
name an excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing.	missed bus/train
name an excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing.	sick kids
name an excuse for lateness that bosses get sick of hearing.	not feeling well
name something everybody knows about cinderella.	glass slipper
name something everybody knows about cinderella.	step mother/sister
name something everybody knows about cinderella.	ball/midnight
name something everybody knows about cinderella.	poor
name something a teenager will not leave the house without.	mobile phone
name something a teenager will not leave the house without.	money
name something a teenager will not leave the house without.	ipod
name something a teenager will not leave the house without.	keys
name something a teenager will not leave the house without.	car
name something a teenager will not leave the house without.	make-up
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	school
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	playground
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	bathroom
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	daycare
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	swimming pool
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	arcade
name a place children go that can be hotbed of germs.	sandbox
name something that scares you when you're driving.	other drivers
name something that scares you when you're driving.	animals
name something that scares you when you're driving.	trucks
name something that scares you when you're driving.	police officers
name something that scares you when you're driving.	weather
name something that scares you when you're driving.	motorcycles
name something every husband wants to come home to.	cooked meal
name something every husband wants to come home to.	loving wife/kids
name something every husband wants to come home to.	clean home
name something every husband wants to come home to.	hot lovin'/sex
name something every husband wants to come home to.	peace & quiet
name something you use to clean your teeth.	toothbrush
name something you use to clean your teeth.	floss
name something you use to clean your teeth.	toothpaste
name something you use to clean your teeth.	mouthwash
name a member of the wedding party.	bride
name a member of the wedding party.	brides maid
name a member of the wedding party.	maid of honor
name a member of the wedding party.	groom
name a member of the wedding party.	best man
name a foreign type of hat.	beret
name a foreign type of hat.	sombrero
name a foreign type of hat.	top hat
name a foreign type of hat.	fez
name a foreign type of hat.	cowboy
name a foreign type of hat.	bowler
name a london tourist attraction.	big ben
name a london tourist attraction.	tower bridge
name a london tourist attraction.	tower of london
name a london tourist attraction.	buckingham palace
name a london tourist attraction.	london eye
name something that comes in a box.	cereal
name something that comes in a box.	shoes
name something that comes in a box.	chocolate
name something that comes in a box.	candy
name something that comes in a box.	jewelry
name something you would like to see when traveling through europe.	eiffel tower
name something you would like to see when traveling through europe.	big ben
name something you would like to see when traveling through europe.	stonehenge
name something you would like to see when traveling through europe.	alps
name something you would like to see when traveling through europe.	rome
name a reason why a person might be jumping.	for joy/good news
name a reason why a person might be jumping.	jumping jacks/exercise
name a reason why a person might be jumping.	playing jump rope
name a reason why a person might be jumping.	sky diving
name a reason why a person might be jumping.	on a trampoline
name a reason why a person might be jumping.	to reach something
name an animal that might be described as majestic.	lion
name an animal that might be described as majestic.	horse
name an animal that might be described as majestic.	eagle
name an animal that might be described as majestic.	tiger
name an animal that might be described as majestic.	unicorn
name a specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller.	love life
name a specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller.	career
name a specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller.	lottery numbers
name a specific reason why you might visit a fortune teller.	future health
name something you might blow out.	candle
name something you might blow out.	car tire
name something you might blow out.	air
name something you might blow out.	balloon
name something you might brush.	hair
name something you might brush.	teeth
name something you might brush.	pets
name something you might brush.	paint
name something you might brush.	your shoulders off
name an animal that was born to run.	cheetah
name an animal that was born to run.	horse
name an animal that was born to run.	dog
name an animal that was born to run.	antelope/deer
name an animal that was born to run.	tiger
name something in your house that you hate to clean.	bathroom
name something in your house that you hate to clean.	stove
name something in your house that you hate to clean.	floors
name something in your house that you hate to clean.	windows
name something in your house that you hate to clean.	refrigerator
name something in your house that you hate to clean.	dirty dishes
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	ceo
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	president
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	judge
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	supervisor
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	police officer
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	doctor
name a person who is paid to make decisions.	deputy
name something kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves.	get dressed
name something kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves.	stay home alone
name something kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves.	drive
name something kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves.	make decisions
name something kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves.	take bath
name something kids are always saying that they are old enough to start doing for themselves.	eat by himself
name the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn.	back
name the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn.	face
name the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn.	buttocks
name the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn.	shoulders
name the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn.	legs
name the most uncomfortable place to get a sunburn.	feet
name a snack that's sold at sporting events.	hot dogs
name a snack that's sold at sporting events.	popcorn
name a snack that's sold at sporting events.	peanuts
name a snack that's sold at sporting events.	nachos
name a snack that's sold at sporting events.	pretzels
name something you might do when saying goodbye to someone.	kiss
name something you might do when saying goodbye to someone.	wave
name something you might do when saying goodbye to someone.	hug
name something you might do when saying goodbye to someone.	cry
name something you might do when saying goodbye to someone.	handshake
name something you look out for when you're driving.	pedestrians
name something you look out for when you're driving.	other cars
name something you look out for when you're driving.	drunk drivers
name something you look out for when you're driving.	animals
name something you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office.	couch
name something you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office.	patient
name something you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office.	diploma
name something you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office.	books
name something you'd expect to see in a psychiatrist's office.	picture
name something people say keeps you young.	children
name something people say keeps you young.	exercise
name something people say keeps you young.	laughing
name something people say keeps you young.	healthy foods
name something you use tweezers to remove	hair
name something you use tweezers to remove	splinter
name something that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids.	crying baby
name something that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids.	nightmares
name something that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids.	feeding times
name something that happens that interrupts a couple's alone time at night after having kids.	sick kid
name something that gets fragile when old.	people
name something that gets fragile when old.	paper
name something that gets fragile when old.	books
name something that gets fragile when old.	pictures
name something that gets fragile when old.	flowers
name something that gets fragile when old.	eggs
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	money
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	clothes
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	appearance
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	homes
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	cars
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	food
name something specific snobs are snobbish about.	friends
name a legendary baseball player.	babe ruth
name a legendary baseball player.	jackie robinson
name a legendary baseball player.	joe dimaggio
name a legendary baseball player.	hank aaron
name a legendary baseball player.	mickey mantle
name a legendary baseball player.	nolan ryan
name something people buy that comes in "stick" form:	gum
name something people buy that comes in "stick" form:	deodorant
name something people buy that comes in "stick" form:	butter
name something people buy that comes in "stick" form:	lipstick
name something people buy that comes in "stick" form:	glue
name something donald trump has that's big.	bank accounts
name something donald trump has that's big.	casinos/hotels
name something donald trump has that's big.	hair
name something donald trump has that's big.	trump towers/apts.
name something donald trump has that's big.	house
name something donald trump has that's big.	ego
name something donald trump has that's big.	yacht
name something you would take with you when you go shopping.	money
name something you would take with you when you go shopping.	wallet
name something you would take with you when you go shopping.	credit card
name something you would take with you when you go shopping.	shopping list
name something you would take with you when you go shopping.	bags
name something kids practice doing in their rooms.	dancing
name something kids practice doing in their rooms.	playing instrument
name something kids practice doing in their rooms.	singing
name something kids practice doing in their rooms.	making a big mess
name something kids practice doing in their rooms.	kissing
name something kids practice doing in their rooms.	drawing
name something found on a naval submarine.	periscope
name something found on a naval submarine.	torpedoes
name something found on a naval submarine.	sailors
name something found on a naval submarine.	admiral
name something found on a naval submarine.	radar
name something found on a naval submarine.	hatches
name a junk item lying around in your house.	newspapers
name a junk item lying around in your house.	magazines
name a junk item lying around in your house.	mail
name a junk item lying around in your house.	car
name a junk item lying around in your house.	tires
name a junk item lying around in your house.	televisions
name something women think about more than men think about.	looks/figure
name something women think about more than men think about.	clothes
name something women think about more than men think about.	children/family
name something women think about more than men think about.	money/bills
name something women think about more than men think about.	shopping
name something women think about more than men think about.	making love/sex
name someone who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would.	grandparents
name someone who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would.	babysitter
name someone who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would.	aunt/uncle
name someone who lets a kid get away with things that his parents never would.	teacher
name a sport that involves a lot of running.	soccer
name a sport that involves a lot of running.	baseball
name a sport that involves a lot of running.	basketball
name a sport that involves a lot of running.	sprinting
name something that might be hard to start.	car/truck
name something that might be hard to start.	lawn mower
name something that might be hard to start.	business/career
name something that might be hard to start.	diet/exercise
name something that might be hard to start.	story/conversat'n
name something that might be hard to start.	weed whacker
name a reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner.	he's rich
name a reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner.	help their career
name a reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner.	he's famous
name a reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner.	handsome/sexy
name a reason that a beautiful young girl dates hugh hefner.	go to mansion
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	cab
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	taxi driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	bus driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	city bus driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	school bus driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	lorry
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	pick up
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	eighteen wheeler
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	big rig
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	semi
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	truck driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	mack truck
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	pizza delivery
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	ups
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	fedex
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	delivery
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	chauffer
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	nascar
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	formula one
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	race car driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	car driver
name a job you should avoid if you are a lousy driver.	indy
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	house
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	car
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	tv
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	computer
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	furniture
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	clothes
name an impulse purchase you might make because they are practically giving it away.	food
name an occupation whose members are no better than crooks.	politician
name an occupation whose members are no better than crooks.	lawyers
name an occupation whose members are no better than crooks.	car salesman
name an occupation whose members are no better than crooks.	ceo
name an occupation whose members are no better than crooks.	tax collectors
name an occupation whose members are no better than crooks.	stockbroker
name something a millionaire probably has more than one of.	car
name something a millionaire probably has more than one of.	house
name something a millionaire probably has more than one of.	one million
name something a millionaire probably has more than one of.	girlfriend
name the worst month to be 9 months pregnant.	july
name the worst month to be 9 months pregnant.	august
name the worst month to be 9 months pregnant.	december
name a celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane.	justin beiber
name a celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane.	kim kardashian
name a celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane.	lindsay lohan
name a celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane.	miley cyrus
name a celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane.	lil wayne
name a celebrity you would hate to be stuck next to on a plane.	howard stern
name something that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night.	watch tv
name something that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night.	snuggle
name something that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night.	sit by fire place
name something that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night.	play board games
name something that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night.	read
name something that's fun to do on a cold, rainy night.	sleep
name something people bring with them to their high school reunion.	photos
name something people bring with them to their high school reunion.	yearbook
name something people bring with them to their high school reunion.	spouse/date
name something people bring with them to their high school reunion.	letterman jacket
name the smelliest place someone can work.	garbage dump
name the smelliest place someone can work.	funeral parlor
name the smelliest place someone can work.	farm
name the smelliest place someone can work.	gym
name something married people share that causes a lot of arguments.	money
name something married people share that causes a lot of arguments.	car
name something married people share that causes a lot of arguments.	bed
name something married people share that causes a lot of arguments.	children
name something married people share that causes a lot of arguments.	bathroom
name the most popular event at the winter olympics.	figure skating
name the most popular event at the winter olympics.	snowboarding
name the most popular event at the winter olympics.	bobsled
name the most popular event at the winter olympics.	skiing
name something that has an ending.	story
name something that has an ending.	movie
name something that has an ending.	life
name something that has an ending.	road
name something that has an ending.	sentence
name something you might do before moving.	pack
name something you might do before moving.	clean
name something you might do before moving.	throw stuff out
name something you might do before moving.	throw a party
name something you might do before moving.	paint house
name something a friend might do in your car that would irritate you.	smoke
name something a friend might do in your car that would irritate you.	play with radio
name something a friend might do in your car that would irritate you.	leave/throw trash
name something a friend might do in your car that would irritate you.	talk/be loud
name something a friend might do in your car that would irritate you.	eat
name something a friend might do in your car that would irritate you.	throw up
name something you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated.	birds & bees
name something you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated.	politics
name something you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated.	getting married
name something you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated.	finances
name something you don't discuss with your mom because she's too opinionated.	religion
name something that has a manager.	store
name something that has a manager.	restaurant
name something that has a manager.	sports
name something that has a manager.	employee
name something that has a manager.	actor
name something that has a manager.	rockband
name something that has a manager.	me
name something you drink out of a bottle.	soda
name something you drink out of a bottle.	water
name something you drink out of a bottle.	beer
name something you drink out of a bottle.	juice
name an occupation in which you are on duty.	police officer
name an occupation in which you are on duty.	soldier
name an occupation in which you are on duty.	doctor
name an occupation in which you are on duty.	nurse
name an occupation in which you are on duty.	firefighter
name a way to wake someone up in the morning that would be really mean.	throw water
name a way to wake someone up in the morning that would be really mean.	scream
name a way to wake someone up in the morning that would be really mean.	blast radio
name a way to wake someone up in the morning that would be really mean.	phone call
name a way to wake someone up in the morning that would be really mean.	tickle
name a professional sport that has a draft.	football
name a professional sport that has a draft.	baseball
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	detention
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	no recess
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	call parents
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	send to principal
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	extra homework
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	suspend them
name something teachers threaten to do when a class is misbehaving.	pop quiz
name a food people give as a christmas gift.	fruit cake
name a food people give as a christmas gift.	cookies
name a food people give as a christmas gift.	candy
name a food people give as a christmas gift.	pies
name something you'd find in a ring.	gems
name something you'd find in a ring.	boxer
name something you'd find in a ring.	inscriptions
name something you'd find in a ring.	dirt
name something you'd find in a ring.	circusact
name something about a man which impresses a woman.	muscles
name something about a man which impresses a woman.	good looks
name something about a man which impresses a woman.	personality
name something about a man which impresses a woman.	money
name something about a man which impresses a woman.	manners
name something about a man which impresses a woman.	smile
name something a lot of people do on sunday morning.	go to church
name something a lot of people do on sunday morning.	sleep late
name something a lot of people do on sunday morning.	eat breakfast
name something a lot of people do on sunday morning.	watch tv/video
name something a lot of people do on sunday morning.	read/newspapers
name a celebrity that has their own line of perfume.	britney spears
name a celebrity that has their own line of perfume.	jennifer lopez
name a celebrity that has their own line of perfume.	elizabeth taylor
name a celebrity that has their own line of perfume.	beyonce
name a celebrity that has their own line of perfume.	paris hilton
name a job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't.	plumbing
name a job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't.	car repair
name a job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't.	cleaning
name a job that you hire a professional to do but your parents probably didn't.	lawn care
name something a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future.	find mister right
name something a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future.	will be rich
name something a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future.	have children
name something a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future.	long life
name something a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future.	she will be happy
name something a good fortune teller tells a woman will happen in her future.	lose weight
name an animal you might hear in the forest at night.	owl
name an animal you might hear in the forest at night.	coyotes
name an animal you might hear in the forest at night.	crickets
name an animal you might hear in the forest at night.	wolves
name an animal you might hear in the forest at night.	bear
name something people might bring to a gym.	towel
name something people might bring to a gym.	water bottle
name something people might bring to a gym.	change of clothes
name something people might bring to a gym.	gym bag
name something people might bring to a gym.	sneakers
name something people might bring to a gym.	gym clothes
name a food served with melted cheese on it.	cheeseburger
name a food served with melted cheese on it.	nachos
name a food served with melted cheese on it.	macaroni
name a food served with melted cheese on it.	pizza
name a food served with melted cheese on it.	grilled cheese
name a food served with melted cheese on it.	broccoli
name something that might be taught in a new parents course.	feeding
name something that might be taught in a new parents course.	changing diapers
name something that might be taught in a new parents course.	discipline
name something that might be taught in a new parents course.	cpr
name something that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of.	cannons
name something that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of.	sails
name something that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of.	sailors
name something that a ship from the revolutionary war might have had more than one of.	decks
name a bird that has good eyesight	owl
name a bird that has good eyesight	eagle
name an annual event that you do not look forward to.	birthday
name an annual event that you do not look forward to.	tax time
name an annual event that you do not look forward to.	family reunion
name an annual event that you do not look forward to.	christmas
name an annual event that you do not look forward to.	doctor's appointment
name an excuse people give for leaving a boring party early.	tired
name an excuse people give for leaving a boring party early.	sick
name an excuse people give for leaving a boring party early.	get home to kids
name an excuse people give for leaving a boring party early.	get up early
name the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over.	drugs
name the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over.	open alcohol
name the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over.	gun/weapon
name the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over.	underwear/bra
name the worst thing a policeman could find in your car when he pulls you over.	dead body
name something in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you.	lights
name something in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you.	television
name something in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you.	radio
name something in your home a ghost might turn on and off to scare you.	fan
name something people break into.	car
name something people break into.	piggy bank
name something people break into.	bank
name something people break into.	home
name something people break into.	cold sweat
name something kids do just to get their parent's attention.	cry/pout
name something kids do just to get their parent's attention.	throw a tantrum
name something kids do just to get their parent's attention.	get into fights
name something kids do just to get their parent's attention.	break rules
name something kids do just to get their parent's attention.	call names/bad word
name a furry creature that would not make a good pet.	bear
name a furry creature that would not make a good pet.	skunks
name a furry creature that would not make a good pet.	lions
name a furry creature that would not make a good pet.	raccoons
name a furry creature that would not make a good pet.	rat
name a furry creature that would not make a good pet.	tiger
name a place you hate to be tickled.	feet
name a place you hate to be tickled.	armpits
name a place you hate to be tickled.	stomach
name a place you hate to be tickled.	ribs
name something you do while you soak in the bathtub.	read
name something you do while you soak in the bathtub.	relax
name something you do while you soak in the bathtub.	listen to music
name something you do while you soak in the bathtub.	sing
name something you do while you soak in the bathtub.	drink wine
name something you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster.	flash light
name something you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster.	water
name something you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster.	fire extinguisher
name something you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster.	canned food
name something you'd keep in your house in case of a natural disaster.	candles
name a reason why you might close your eyes.	sleep
name a reason why you might close your eyes.	scared
name a reason why you might close your eyes.	bright light
name a reason why you might close your eyes.	kiss
name a reason why you might close your eyes.	sneezing
name a reason why you might close your eyes.	praying
name a famous "dan" or "danny".	devito
name a famous "dan" or "danny".	thomas
name a famous "dan" or "danny".	rather
name a famous "dan" or "danny".	glover
name a famous "dan" or "danny".	bonaduce
name a famous "dan" or "danny".	aykroyd
name a profession that you would hate your neighbor to have.	musician
name a profession that you would hate your neighbor to have.	police officer
name a profession that you would hate your neighbor to have.	mechanic
name a profession that you would hate your neighbor to have.	garbage collector
name something you do on weekday mornings that don't have to do on the weekend	go to work
name something you do on weekday mornings that don't have to do on the weekend	wake up early
name something you can do with a cell phone.	text
name something you can do with a cell phone.	call friends
name something you can do with a cell phone.	take photos
name something you can do with a cell phone.	play games
name something that loses its elasticity.	clothes
name something that loses its elasticity.	skin
name something that loses its elasticity.	elastic bands
name something that loses its elasticity.	balloon
name something that loses its elasticity.	pantyhose
name something you might ask a hotel maid for more of.	towels
name something you might ask a hotel maid for more of.	soap
name something you might ask a hotel maid for more of.	pillows
name something you might ask a hotel maid for more of.	shampoo
name something you might ask a hotel maid for more of.	ice
name a fat animal.	pig/hog
name a fat animal.	elephant
name a fat animal.	hippopotamus
name a fat animal.	cow
name a fat animal.	bear
name a fat animal.	walrus
name something you think of when you think of china.	chinese food
name something you think of when you think of china.	great wall of china
name something you think of when you think of china.	exports
name something you think of when you think of china.	population
name something you think of when you think of china.	chopsticks
name something you think of when you think of china.	pandas
name something you wish you were born with.	money
name something you wish you were born with.	good looks
name something you wish you were born with.	talent
name something you wish you were born with.	smart
name something you wish you were born with.	super powers
name something about tom cruise that comedians make fun of.	height/looks
name something about tom cruise that comedians make fun of.	scientology
name something about tom cruise that comedians make fun of.	his love life
name something about tom cruise that comedians make fun of.	jumping on couch
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	florida
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	california
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	arizona
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	pennsylvania
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	hawaii
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	georgia
name a u.s. state that you'd consider moving to when you retire.	north carolina
name something people do while driving that causes auto accidents.	use cell phone
name something people do while driving that causes auto accidents.	eat/drink
name something people do while driving that causes auto accidents.	fall asleep
name something people do while driving that causes auto accidents.	makeup in mirror
name something people do while driving that causes auto accidents.	get intimate
name something people do while driving that causes auto accidents.	play with radio
name the thing you like to do most at a party.	dance
name the thing you like to do most at a party.	talk/mingle
name the thing you like to do most at a party.	drink
name the thing you like to do most at a party.	eat
name a specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation.	piano
name a specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation.	sofa
name a specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation.	fridge
name a specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation.	dresser
name a specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation.	bed
name a specific item that makes furniture mover wish he'd chosen another occupation.	stairs
name a movie about a horse.	seabiscuit
name a movie about a horse.	black beauty
name a movie about a horse.	black stallion
name a movie about a horse.	national velvet
name a movie about a horse.	my friend flicka
name something you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital.	pajamas
name something you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital.	clothing
name something you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital.	toothbrush
name something you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital.	robe
name something you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital.	book
name something you might take with you for an overnight stay at the hospital.	comb
name a government agency with a three-letter abbreviation.	fbi
name a government agency with a three-letter abbreviation.	cia
name a government agency with a three-letter abbreviation.	ins
name a government agency with a three-letter abbreviation.	irs
name a government agency with a three-letter abbreviation.	dea
name something a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath.	telephone
name something a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath.	wine
name something a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath.	candles
name something a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath.	radio
name something a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath.	towel
name something a woman might want nearby when taking a long hot bath.	man
name a tourist attraction in rome.	the colosseum
name a tourist attraction in rome.	vatican
name a tourist attraction in rome.	trevi fountain
name a tourist attraction in rome.	pantheon
name something inapropriate for a wedding speech.	an ex
name something inapropriate for a wedding speech.	affairs
name something inapropriate for a wedding speech.	wish bad luck
name a tv show that might cause your family a lot of embarrassment if they saw you on it.	jerry springer
name a tv show that might cause your family a lot of embarrassment if they saw you on it.	cops
name something some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are.	sports
name something some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are.	making money
name something some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are.	driving
name something some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are.	fixing things
name something some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are.	cards
name something some men just can't stand a woman being better at than they are.	math
name a beverage you might during at a typical holiday party.	egg nog
name a beverage you might during at a typical holiday party.	wine
name something you can give as a housewarming gift.	dishes
name something you can give as a housewarming gift.	appliances
name something you can give as a housewarming gift.	wine
name something you can give as a housewarming gift.	hand towels
name something you can give as a housewarming gift.	candles
name something you can give as a housewarming gift.	money
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	doctor
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	broker
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	pilot
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	auto mechanic
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	banker
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	accountant
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	police officer
name an occupation you put your trust in and hope they know what they're doing.	president
name something you would not want to wake up next to.	corpse
name something you would not want to wake up next to.	bear
name something you would not want to wake up next to.	snake
name something you would not want to wake up next to.	spider
name something you would not want to wake up next to.	stranger
name something you would not want to wake up next to.	an ex
name something that is never there when you need it.	money
name something that is never there when you need it.	pen/pencil
name something that is never there when you need it.	significant other
name something that is never there when you need it.	police officer
name something that is never there when you need it.	keys
name something that is never there when you need it.	friends
name something that is never there when you need it.	remote control
name a sport for which athletes wear special shoes.	american football
name a sport for which athletes wear special shoes.	bowling
name a sport for which athletes wear special shoes.	soccer
name a sport for which athletes wear special shoes.	golf
name a sport for which athletes wear special shoes.	baseball
name a sport for which athletes wear special shoes.	basketball
name something kids are less afraid of than adults.	insects
name something kids are less afraid of than adults.	heights
name something kids are less afraid of than adults.	dogs
name something kids are less afraid of than adults.	falling/injury
name something kids are less afraid of than adults.	roller coasters
name a place where people like to go skiing.	colorado
name a place where people like to go skiing.	aspen
name a place where people like to go skiing.	mountains
name a place where people like to go skiing.	apls
name a place where people like to go skiing.	tahoe
name a place where people like to go skiing.	pocomo
name something that might be served at a poolside snack bar.	soft drinks
name something that might be served at a poolside snack bar.	ice cream
name something that might be served at a poolside snack bar.	hot dogs
name something that might be served at a poolside snack bar.	chips
name something that might be served at a poolside snack bar.	fruit
name something that might be served at a poolside snack bar.	beer
name an animal that looks like it's smiling.	dog
name an animal that looks like it's smiling.	cat
name an animal that looks like it's smiling.	monkey
name an animal that looks like it's smiling.	hyena
name an animal that looks like it's smiling.	koala
name an animal that looks like it's smiling.	dolphin
name a type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag.	apple
name a type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag.	banana
name a type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag.	orange
name a type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag.	peach
name a type of fruit a kid might have in his lunch bag.	raisins
name something you might make someone do while they are hypnotized.	bark
name something you might make someone do while they are hypnotized.	talk
name something you might make someone do while they are hypnotized.	act like a chicken
name something you might make someone do while they are hypnotized.	dance
name something you might make someone do while they are hypnotized.	sing
name something that is considered a citizen's duty.	vote
name something that is considered a citizen's duty.	jury duty
name something that is considered a citizen's duty.	report a crime
name something that is considered a citizen's duty.	pay taxes
name something that is considered a citizen's duty.	neighbor wat...
name something that is considered a citizen's duty.	obey the law
name your favorite food with peanut butter inside.	peanut butter cup
name your favorite food with peanut butter inside.	cookie
name something you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu.	going to work
name something you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu.	getting up/moving
name something you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu.	eating
name something you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu.	taking meds/shots
name something you can't bear the thought of doing if you have the flu.	cooking
name something a person might do on the last day of their job.	party
name something a person might do on the last day of their job.	clean out desk
name something a person might do on the last day of their job.	tell boss off
name something a person might do on the last day of their job.	say goodbye
name something that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy.	laundry
name something that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy.	dishes
name something that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy.	housework
name something that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy.	bills
name something that you let "pile up" when you're feeling lazy.	newspapers
name a country that would do not well in the winter olympics.	south africa
name a country that would do not well in the winter olympics.	jamaica
name a country that would do not well in the winter olympics.	mexico
name a country that would do not well in the winter olympics.	australia
name a country that would do not well in the winter olympics.	brazil
name a safety device you would find on a car.	airbags
name a safety device you would find on a car.	seatbelt
name a safety device you would find on a car.	safety belt
name a safety device you would find on a car.	alarm
name a safety device you would find on a car.	decelerators
name a safety device you would find on a car.	brakes
name a safety device you would find on a car.	car alarm
name a safety device you would find on a car.	security alarm
name a tool a man can't live without.	hammer
name a tool a man can't live without.	screwdriver
name a tool a man can't live without.	drill
name a tool a man can't live without.	wrench
name a tool a man can't live without.	knife
name something a tall person might say is too short for them.	pants/clothing
name something a tall person might say is too short for them.	doorway/ceiling
name something a tall person might say is too short for them.	bed
name something a tall person might say is too short for them.	a partner
name something a tall person might say is too short for them.	sink
name something a tall person might say is too short for them.	shower head
other than letter and punctuation keys, which computer key would you not want to type a report without?	enter
other than letter and punctuation keys, which computer key would you not want to type a report without?	space bar
other than letter and punctuation keys, which computer key would you not want to type a report without?	backspace
other than letter and punctuation keys, which computer key would you not want to type a report without?	tab key
on thanksgiving, name something snooki might say she's thankful for.	new jersey
on thanksgiving, name something snooki might say she's thankful for.	men
on thanksgiving, name something snooki might say she's thankful for.	her hair
on thanksgiving, name something snooki might say she's thankful for.	drinking
on thanksgiving, name something snooki might say she's thankful for.	tanning
on thanksgiving, name something snooki might say she's thankful for.	pickles
other than love name something that money cant buy	happiness
other than love name something that money cant buy	health
other than love name something that money cant buy	friendship
other than love name something that money cant buy	family
other than love name something that money cant buy	time
on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night	1
on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night	2
on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night	3
on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night	4
on average how many hours does a couple sleep on their wedding night	5
on a game show name something a host must do	make conversation
on a game show name something a host must do	ask questions
on a game show name something a host must do	smile
on a game show name something a host must do	introduce teams
on a game show name something a host must do	sense of humor
other than santa claus, name someone else who lives at the north pole.	elves
other than santa claus, name someone else who lives at the north pole.	mrs. claus
other than santa claus, name someone else who lives at the north pole.	rudolph
other than a swear word, name something people say when they hurt themselves.	ouch
other than a swear word, name something people say when they hurt themselves.	bugger
other than a swear word, name something people say when they hurt themselves.	damn
other than a swear word, name something people say when they hurt themselves.	ow
other than a swear word, name something people say when they hurt themselves.	sugar
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	frank sinatra
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	barry white
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	nat king cole
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	marvin gaye
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	elvis presley
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	barry manilow
past or present, name a singer people listen to when they're feeling romantic.	michael bolton
past or present, name the funniest person in movies.	will ferrell
past or present, name the funniest person in movies.	jim carrey
past or present, name the funniest person in movies.	robin williams
past or present, name the funniest person in movies.	eddie murphy
past or present, name the funniest person in movies.	bill murray
past or present, name a famous john.	john kennedy
past or present, name a famous john.	john wayne
past or present, name a famous john.	john travolta
past or present, name a famous john.	john lennon
past or present, name a famous john.	john hancock
past or present, name a famous diet.	atkins
past or present, name a famous diet.	jenny craig
past or present, name a famous diet.	south beach diet
past or present, name a famous diet.	weight watchers
past or present, name a famous diet.	zone diet
past or present, name a famous diet.	scarsdale diet
people often say: "you can never seem to find one when you need one." name an occupation they might be talking about.	policeman
people often say: "you can never seem to find one when you need one." name an occupation they might be talking about.	doctor
people often say: "you can never seem to find one when you need one." name an occupation they might be talking about.	plumber
people often say: "you can never seem to find one when you need one." name an occupation they might be talking about.	electrician
past or present, name any famous western movie star.	john wayne
past or present, name any famous western movie star.	clint eastwood
past or present, name any famous western movie star.	roy rogers
past or present, name any famous western movie star.	randolph scott
past or present, name any famous western movie star.	gene autry
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose feliciano
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose cuervo
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose canseco
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose ferrer
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose gonzalez
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose greco
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose jimenez
real or not, name someone famous named jos	jose iturbi
real or fictional, name a famous person named ralph.	ralph lauren
real or fictional, name a famous person named ralph.	ralph nader
real or fictional, name a famous person named ralph.	ralph kramden
real or fictional, name a famous person named ralph.	r. waldo emerson
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	flowers
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	perfume/cologne
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	me
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	dinner
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	chocolates
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	kissing
something you'd hate for your date to be allergic to	alcohol
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, what would be a good breed of dog for her to get?	poodle
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, what would be a good breed of dog for her to get?	chihuahua
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, what would be a good breed of dog for her to get?	terrier
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, what would be a good breed of dog for her to get?	pit bull
since first daughter malia obama has allergies, what would be a good breed of dog for her to get?	maltese
something that some people insure while other people take a chance.	house/possessions
something that some people insure while other people take a chance.	car
something that some people insure while other people take a chance.	life
something that some people insure while other people take a chance.	health
tell me something you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced.	stuttering
tell me something you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced.	dead air
tell me something you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced.	profanity
tell me something you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced.	belch/cough
tell me something you'd hear on the radio that would lead you to believe that the host is inexperienced.	wrong song
tell me a popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays	fudge
tell me a popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays	chocolates
tell me a popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays	peanut brittle
tell me a popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays	toffee
tell me a popular type of homemade candy served during the holidays	taffy
tell me an activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights	sky dive
tell me an activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights	bungee jump
tell me an activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights	rock climb
tell me an activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights	climb a ladder
tell me an activity you might do to prove you arent afraid of heights	paraglide
tell me a special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours	christmas
tell me a special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours	wedding
tell me a special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours	birthday
tell me a special day that you wish lasted longer than 24 hours	valentines day
tell me a name that's common for cats to have.	fluffy
tell me a name that's common for cats to have.	felix
tell me a name that's common for cats to have.	whiskers
tell me a name that's common for cats to have.	morris
tell me a name that's common for cats to have.	tom
tell me a sign you might see posted at a park.	no loitering
tell me a sign you might see posted at a park.	no parking
tell me a sign you might see posted at a park.	no dogs
tell me a sign you might see posted at a park.	no swimming
tell me a sign you might see posted at a park.	no alcohol
tell me a sign you might see posted at a park.	closes at dusk
tell me how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone	3
tell me how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone	4
tell me how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone	2
tell me how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone	6
tell me how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone	5
tell me how many hours a day a teenage girl talks on the phone	1
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	drawers
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	panties
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	undies
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	boxer shorts
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	skivvies
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	briefs
tell me a slang word for "underwear.	knickers
tell me a way you warm up your hands when they're cold.	rub them together
tell me a way you warm up your hands when they're cold.	breathe on them
tell me a way you warm up your hands when they're cold.	gloves/mittens
tell me a way you warm up your hands when they're cold.	under warm water
tell me a way you warm up your hands when they're cold.	use pockets
tell me a way you warm up your hands when they're cold.	fire place/heater
tell me a situation that makes just about everyone nervous	wedding
tell me a situation that makes just about everyone nervous	dating
tell me a situation that makes just about everyone nervous	job interview
tell me a situation that makes just about everyone nervous	doctor's appt
tell me a situation that makes just about everyone nervous	public speaking
tell me a situation that makes just about everyone nervous	taking a test
tell me something that makes you mad when youre watching tv	commercials
tell me something that makes you mad when youre watching tv	background noise
tell me something that makes you mad when youre watching tv	phone rings
tell me something that makes you mad when youre watching tv	bad reception
tell me something that makes you mad when youre watching tv	violence
tell me the occupation of someone who might wear a headlamp	miner
tell me the occupation of someone who might wear a headlamp	doctor/dentist
tell me the occupation of someone who might wear a headlamp	police/detective
tell me the occupation of someone who might wear a headlamp	construction worker
tell me something kids fight over on a long car ride	toys
tell me something kids fight over on a long car ride	radio
tell me something kids fight over on a long car ride	space
tell me something kids fight over on a long car ride	window seat
tell me something kids fight over on a long car ride	snack
tell me a way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera."	gossip
tell me a way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera."	sleeping around
tell me a way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera."	drama
tell me a way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera."	bickering
tell me a way in which your office is kind of like a "soap opera."	jealous
tell me an excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club	sore throat/sick
tell me an excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club	can't sing
tell me an excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club	lost voice
tell me an excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club	too much too drink
tell me an excuse youd use to avoid singing at a karaoke club	stage fright
tell me something that would get you thrown out of most bars	getting in a fight
tell me something that would get you thrown out of most bars	drinking too much
tell me something that would get you thrown out of most bars	not paying
tell me something that would get you thrown out of most bars	stripping
tell me something that would get you thrown out of most bars	being underage
tell me a breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy	bacon
tell me a breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy	french toast
tell me a breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy	cereal
tell me a breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy	waffles
tell me a breakfast item that only tastes good if its crispy	hash browns
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	3
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	4
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	5
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	6
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	7
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	8
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals	10
tell me the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend	monday
tell me the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend	thursday
tell me the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend	wednesday
tell me the day of the week when you start thinking about the weekend	tuesday
tell me a place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs.	airplane
tell me a place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs.	work
tell me a place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs.	car/bus trip
tell me a place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs.	place of worship
tell me a place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs.	school
tell me a place where you feel the need to get up and stretch your legs.	movie thearre
tell me a profession that works long hours.	doctor
tell me a profession that works long hours.	police
tell me a profession that works long hours.	firefighter
tell me a profession that works long hours.	lawyer
tell me a profession that works long hours.	teachers
tell me a profession that works long hours.	nurse
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	24 hours
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	2 days
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	18 hours
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	10 hours
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	12 hours
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	20 hours
tell me the longest you've ever gone without eating.	1 and a half days
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	pen
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	thermometer
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	syringe
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	watch
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	stethoscope
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	gloves
tell me something you might find in a nurses pocket	pills
tell me a food that people often slurp while eating	soup
tell me a food that people often slurp while eating	spaghetti
tell me a food that people often slurp while eating	cereal
tell me a food that people often slurp while eating	ice cream
tell me a food that people often slurp while eating	jell o
tell me a fictional character whose name includes the world "little."	stuart little
tell me a fictional character whose name includes the world "little."	little bo peep
tell me a fictional character whose name includes the world "little."	little john
tell me a fictional character whose name includes the world "little."	chicken little
tell me a fictional character whose name includes the world "little."	lil red riding hood
tell me a fictional character whose name includes the world "little."	little boy blue
tell me something a dog can't stand.	cats
tell me something a dog can't stand.	getting a bath
tell me something a dog can't stand.	vacuum cleaner
tell me something a dog can't stand.	mail carrier
tell me something that every country singer needs.	guitar
tell me something that every country singer needs.	coyboy hat
tell me something that every country singer needs.	great voice
tell me something that every country singer needs.	boots
tell me something that every country singer needs.	accent/twang
tell me something that every country singer needs.	sad song
tell me a street name found in almost every big city.	main
tell me a street name found in almost every big city.	elm
tell me a street name found in almost every big city.	first
tell me a street name found in almost every big city.	martin luther king
tell me a street name found in almost every big city.	broadway
tell me a street name found in almost every big city.	washington
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	muppet movie
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	gumby the movie
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	wallice and grommit
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	dark crystal
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	chicken run
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	team america
tell me the title of a movie that used claymotion or puppets	nightmare before xmas
tell me something you might do to show someone you love them.	send us your answers!
tell me something you might do to show someone you love them.	kiss them
tell me the kind of dancing you think is the hardest.	tango
tell me the kind of dancing you think is the hardest.	breakdancing
tell me the kind of dancing you think is the hardest.	salsa
tell me the kind of dancing you think is the hardest.	waltz
tell me the kind of dancing you think is the hardest.	ballet
tell me something that's supposed to keep you young.	exercise
tell me something that's supposed to keep you young.	face cream/lotion
tell me something that's supposed to keep you young.	children
tell me something that's supposed to keep you young.	sleep
tell me something that's supposed to keep you young.	vitamins/herbs
tell me something that's hard to do while driving in the snow.	stop
tell me something that's hard to do while driving in the snow.	turn
tell me a pet that lives a long time.	dog
tell me a pet that lives a long time.	tortoise
tell me something that would ruin a cruise.	send us your answers!
tell me something that would ruin a cruise.	illness
tell me something you might keep under your sink.	cleaning supplies
tell me something you might keep under your sink.	dish soap
tell me something you might keep under your sink.	drain cleaner
tell me something you might keep under your sink.	plunger
tell me something you might keep under your sink.	toilet paper
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	house
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	furniture/elec.
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	spouse
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	car
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	cash/bank account
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	dishes
tell me something you might have to replace after a divorce.	mind/sanity
tell me a job a man might have in which he works with attractive women.	photographer
tell me a job a man might have in which he works with attractive women.	bouncer
tell me a job a man might have in which he works with attractive women.	agent
tell me a job a man might have in which he works with attractive women.	actor
tell me a job a man might have in which he works with attractive women.	hairstylist
tell me a job a man might have in which he works with attractive women.	hair stylist
tell me something that people have a hard time remembering.	phone numbers
tell me something that people have a hard time remembering.	birthdays
tell me something that people have a hard time remembering.	names
tell me something that people have a hard time remembering.	anniversaries
tell me something that people have a hard time remembering.	passwords
tell me how many sick days the average person takes in a year.	five
tell me how many sick days the average person takes in a year.	four
tell me how many sick days the average person takes in a year.	ten
tell me how many sick days the average person takes in a year.	seven
tell me how many sick days the average person takes in a year.	three
tell me how many sick days the average person takes in a year.	eight
tell me something people often keep in their attic.	old clothes
tell me something people often keep in their attic.	christmas decorations
tell me something people often keep in their attic.	furniture
tell me something people often keep in their attic.	boxes
tell me something people often keep in their attic.	junk
tell me something people often keep in their attic.	pictures
tell me something you'd be nervous about loaning to a friend	money
tell me something you'd be nervous about loaning to a friend	car
tell me something you might want to make disappear.	bills
tell me something you might want to make disappear.	debt
tell me something you might want to make disappear.	a family member
tell me something you might want to make disappear.	extra weight
tell me something you might want to make disappear.	pimples
tell me something a store owner can't sell to a minor.	cigarettes
tell me something a store owner can't sell to a minor.	alcohol
tell me something with the word "rocky" in it.	"rocky" movies
tell me something with the word "rocky" in it.	rocky road
tell me something with the word "rocky" in it.	rocky mountains
tell me something with the word "rocky" in it.	horror pic. show
tell me something with the word "rocky" in it.	rocky & bullwink.
tell me something you do not want to see in your soup.	hair
tell me something you do not want to see in your soup.	bugs
tell me something you do not want to see in your soup.	mice
tell me something you do not want to see in your soup.	spit
tell me something specific you should drink a lot of when you're sick	water
tell me something specific you should drink a lot of when you're sick	orange juice
tell me something you might order in an italian restaurant.	spaghetti
tell me something you might order in an italian restaurant.	lasagna
tell me something you might order in an italian restaurant.	pizza
tell me something you might order in an italian restaurant.	cannoil
tell me something you might order in an italian restaurant.	eggplant parmesan
tell me something you would not want to see your child doing.	fighting
tell me something you would not want to see your child doing.	picking their nose
tell me something you would not want to see your child doing.	bullying
tell me something you would not want to see your child doing.	swearing
tell me an animal that has big ears.	elephant
tell me an animal that has big ears.	rabbit
tell me an animal that has big ears.	dog
tell me an animal that has big ears.	donkey
tell me a phrase that begins with the words, "over the..."	hill
tell me a phrase that begins with the words, "over the..."	rainbow
tell me a phrase that begins with the words, "over the..."	mountain
tell me a phrase that begins with the words, "over the..."	river
tell me a phrase that begins with the words, "over the..."	top
tell me something you might dig up.	treasure
tell me something you might dig up.	plants
tell me something you might dig up.	bones
tell me something you might dig up.	information
tell me something you might dig up.	worms
tell me something you might do at a concert.	dance
tell me something you might do at a concert.	sing
tell me something you might do at a concert.	scream
tell me something you might do at a concert.	drink
tell me something you might do at a concert.	clap
tell me the age when a dog has had a full life.	fifteen
tell me the age when a dog has had a full life.	ten
tell me the age when a dog has had a full life.	twelve
tell me the age when a dog has had a full life.	fourteen
tell me the age when a dog has had a full life.	seven
tell me the age when a dog has had a full life.	thirteen
tell me a reason why you would give a bad tip.	poor service
tell me a reason why you would give a bad tip.	you don't like them
tell me a reason why you would give a bad tip.	bad food
tell me a reason why you would give a bad tip.	bad attitude
tell me a reason why you would give a bad tip.	no refills
tell me something that looks terrible when it's wet.	dogs/pets
tell me something that looks terrible when it's wet.	hair
tell me something that looks terrible when it's wet.	clothes/shoes
tell me something that looks terrible when it's wet.	bread
tell me something that looks terrible when it's wet.	newspaper
tell me one fact about john lennon.	member of beatles
tell me one fact about john lennon.	singer
tell me one fact about john lennon.	shot
tell me one fact about john lennon.	married yoko
tell me one fact about john lennon.	wore glasses
tell me one fact about john lennon.	has sons
tell me one fact about john lennon.	believed in peace
tell me something people do to pass the time when they're sick at home.	watch tv
tell me something people do to pass the time when they're sick at home.	read
tell me something people do to pass the time when they're sick at home.	sleep/rest
tell me something people do to pass the time when they're sick at home.	games/puzzles
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is heartless.	cold
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is heartless.	mean
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is heartless.	cruel
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is heartless.	evil
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is heartless.	ruthless
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is heartless.	wicked
tell me something a kid might try to hide from their parents.	report card
tell me something a kid might try to hide from their parents.	bad grades
tell me something a kid might try to hide from their parents.	candy
tell me something a kid might try to hide from their parents.	secrets
tell me something a kid might try to hide from their parents.	money
tell me a female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle.	demi moore
tell me a female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle.	elizabeth taylor
tell me a female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle.	cher
tell me a female celebrity with a reputation for robbing the cradle.	madonna
tell me something that is always in poor taste to brag about.	money
tell me something that is always in poor taste to brag about.	love life
tell me something that is always in poor taste to brag about.	car
tell me something that is always in poor taste to brag about.	house
tell me something you would hate to be on when it breaks down.	roller coaster
tell me something you would hate to be on when it breaks down.	airplanes
tell me something you would hate to be on when it breaks down.	elevator
tell me something you would hate to be on when it breaks down.	ferris wheel
tell me something you would hate to be on when it breaks down.	car
tell me something you would hate to be on when it breaks down.	train
tell me something that floats on the water.	boat/ship
tell me something that floats on the water.	raft/air mattress
tell me something that floats on the water.	plants/flowers
tell me something that floats on the water.	people
tell me something that floats on the water.	soap
tell me something that floats on the water.	wood
tell me something you would avoid when camping in the woods.	bear
tell me something you would avoid when camping in the woods.	poison ivy
tell me something you would avoid when camping in the woods.	snakes
tell me something you would avoid when camping in the woods.	being alone
tell me what you know about "the terminator".	arnold schwarzenegger
tell me what you know about "the terminator".	he's a machine
tell me what you know about "the terminator".	he'll be back
tell me what you know about "the terminator".	governor
tell me what you know about "the terminator".	it's a movie
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	deodorant
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	underwear
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	watch/jewelry
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	makeup
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	socks
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	belt
tell me something you might forget to put on in the morning and then feel weird all day.	false teeth
tell me something about dolphins.	they are smart
tell me something about dolphins.	they swim
tell me something about dolphins.	they are mammals
tell me something about dolphins.	they're beautiful
tell me something about dolphins.	they talk
tell me something about dolphins.	they are friendly
tell me something about dolphins.	they are graceful
tell me one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	she was green
tell me one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	water melted h...
tell me one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	mean
tell me one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	she's ugly
tell me one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	black hat
tell me one fact about the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	wants slippers
what food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene?	garlic
what food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene?	onions
what food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene?	fish
what food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene?	beans
what food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene?	pizza
what food should a movie star avoid eating before doing a love scene?	peppers
what event might someone attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up?	wedding
what event might someone attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up?	party
what event might someone attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up?	reunion
what event might someone attend without their spouse that would make you think they broke up?	christmas
what in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints	weapon
what in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints	door knob
what in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints	body
what in a crime scene would an investigator check for fingerprints	window
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	food
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	map
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	change of clothes
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	coffee
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	companion
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	music`
what are some things truckers might take with them on a trip	cell phone
what's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby?	crib
what's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby?	clothes
what's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby?	diapers
what's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby?	stroller
what's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby?	bottles
what's the first thing new parents buy after finding out they're having a baby?	car seat
what are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail?	letter
what are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail?	pictures
what are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail?	cards
what are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail?	invitations
what are some things that people send by email that they used to send through the mail?	bills
what might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent	bears
what might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent	bugs
what might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent	snakes
what might you be afraid of while sleeping in a tent	rain
what kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news?	hurricane
what kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news?	snow/blizzard
what kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news?	tornado
what kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news?	flood
what kind of a weather event makes the front page of the news?	earthquake
what name would you give your daughter if you wanted to name her after a queen	elizabeth
what name would you give your daughter if you wanted to name her after a queen	victoria
what name would you give your daughter if you wanted to name her after a queen	mary
what name would you give your daughter if you wanted to name her after a queen	cleopatra
what name would you give your daughter if you wanted to name her after a queen	anne
what might you ask to borrow from someone at the laundromat	detergent
what might you ask to borrow from someone at the laundromat	change
what might you ask to borrow from someone at the laundromat	dryer sheets
which body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect?	eye
which body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect?	leg
which body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect?	hand/warm
which body part might a pirate need to have a doctor inspect?	teeth
what are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding	roses
what are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding	tulips
what are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding	lilies
what are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding	carnations
what are the most popular types of flowers used in a wedding	daisies
what one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip	clothes
what one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip	toothbrush
what one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip	money
what one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip	camera
what one thing would you most hate to forget to pack on a trip	passport
what might an actor do to cure stage fright?	have a drink
what might an actor do to cure stage fright?	rehearse
what might an actor do to cure stage fright?	imagine crowd naked
what might an actor do to cure stage fright?	deep breaths
what might an actor do to cure stage fright?	mediate
what might an actor do to cure stage fright?	count to 10
which show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately?	cops
which show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately?	cheaters
which show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately?	america's most wanted
which show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately?	jerry springer
which show might you see a man on that would cause you to cancel your date with him immediately?	the bachelor
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	trumpet
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	tuba
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	french horn
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	drums
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	cymbals
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	xylophone
which orchestra instrument would be most effective if you wanted to wake someone up	tromebone
what kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts?	almond
what kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts?	hazelnut
what kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts?	soy
what kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts?	cashew
what kind of nut butter could you use if you were allergic to peanuts?	walnut
we asked women what might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date	rock concert
we asked women what might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date	sports game
we asked women what might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date	opera
we asked women what might you get tickets for in order to entice your crush into a date	ballet
which doctor do people hate to see?	dentist
which doctor do people hate to see?	proctocologist
which doctor do people hate to see?	eye
which doctor do people hate to see?	ob/gyn
what might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it?	stop working
what might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it?	leak
what might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it?	ruin clothes
what might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it?	make noise
what might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it?	overflow
what might a wash machine do that would make you get rid of it?	shake
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	cheese
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	pepperoni
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	anchovies
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	mushrooms
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	hamburger
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	onion
when ordering pizza,name something extra you might ask for.	bell peppers
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	private investigator
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	police officer
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	lawyer
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	politician
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	soldier
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	irs
what occupation might someone have if they carry a folder marked top secret	doctor
what is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair	gum
what is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair	comb/brush
what is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair	food
what is the most common thing people get stuck in their hair	pencil
what is a color that you would see on a country's flag?	red
what is a color that you would see on a country's flag?	blue
what is a color that you would see on a country's flag?	white
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	job
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	kids
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	bills
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	eating
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	other men
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	tv
we asked women when you should be focusing on romance name something your mind is often distracted by instead	house
we asked men what excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar	ask for the time
we asked men what excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar	do i know you
we asked men what excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar	comment on weather
we asked men what excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar	buy a drink
we asked men what excuse might you make up to start a conversation with an attractive stranger at a bar	ask for directions
where do you get you christmas tree from every year	store
where do you get you christmas tree from every year	woods
where do you get you christmas tree from every year	tree lot
where do you get you christmas tree from every year	tree farm
where do you get you christmas tree from every year	attic
which style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep?	rock
which style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep?	hip hop
which style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep?	heavy metal
which style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep?	classical
which style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep?	jazz
which style of music would be least effective to sing when putting your baby to sleep?	opera
what line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray?	politician
what line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray?	model
what line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray?	newscaster
what line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray?	actor
what line of work should you get into if your hairstyle is stiff and plastered with hairspray?	hairdresser
why might someone who doesnt like reading go to the library	use computer
why might someone who doesnt like reading go to the library	study
why might someone who doesnt like reading go to the library	meet people
why might someone who doesnt like reading go to the library	research
why might someone who doesnt like reading go to the library	it's quiet
what type of product has commercials that make you want what they're selling?	food
what type of product has commercials that make you want what they're selling?	beer
what type of product has commercials that make you want what they're selling?	car
what type of product has commercials that make you want what they're selling?	hair care products
what type of product has commercials that make you want what they're selling?	toy's
what type of product has commercials that make you want what they're selling?	make up
where do you get your christmas tree from each year?	store
where do you get your christmas tree from each year?	woods
where do you get your christmas tree from each year?	tree lot
where do you get your christmas tree from each year?	tree farm
where do you get your christmas tree from each year?	attic
which olympic sport would be most fun to watch live	swimming
which olympic sport would be most fun to watch live	gymnastics
which olympic sport would be most fun to watch live	basketball
which olympic sport would be most fun to watch live	hockey
which olympic sport would be most fun to watch live	track
which olympic sport would be most fun to watch live	ice skating
what might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it?	haunted
what might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it?	termites
what might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it?	mold
what might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it?	price went up
what might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it?	leaky roof
what might you find out about a house that would make you back out of buying it?	bad foundation
when drawing a person, which specific part is the hardest to draw believably?	nose
when drawing a person, which specific part is the hardest to draw believably?	eyes
when drawing a person, which specific part is the hardest to draw believably?	hands
when drawing a person, which specific part is the hardest to draw believably?	hair
when drawing a person, which specific part is the hardest to draw believably?	mouth
when drawing a person, which specific part is the hardest to draw believably?	feet
what would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping?	airport
what would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping?	train
what would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping?	bar
what would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping?	fire station
what would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping?	highway
what would you hate to live next to, because the noise would prevent you from sleeping?	dog
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party what can you put on quickly to look dressed up	jewelry
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party what can you put on quickly to look dressed up	make up
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party what can you put on quickly to look dressed up	jacket
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party what can you put on quickly to look dressed up	scarf
we asked women if youre underdressed for a party what can you put on quickly to look dressed up	heels
when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home	2 weeks
when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home	3 weeks
when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home	1 week
when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home	1 month
when traveling overseas, tell me the ideal amount of time to be away from home	10 days
which physical characteristics would tell you that someone was part alien?	big eyes
which physical characteristics would tell you that someone was part alien?	green skin
which physical characteristics would tell you that someone was part alien?	big head
which physical characteristics would tell you that someone was part alien?	small/pointy ears
which physical characteristics would tell you that someone was part alien?	antenna
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	use bathroom
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	get gas
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	eat
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	car trouble
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	need rest
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	car sick
why might you have to stop the car during a long ride	kids fighting
who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road?	partner
who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road?	aaa
who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road?	tow truck
who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road?	911
who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road?	best friend
who would you call first if your car broke down on the side of the road?	parent
which article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns?	overalls
which article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns?	cowboy hat
which article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns?	blue jeans
which article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns?	boots
which article of clothing do you suspect every farmer owns?	suspenders
when sitting close to a date what clue might they give that they like	holds your hand
when sitting close to a date what clue might they give that they like	kisses you
when sitting close to a date what clue might they give that they like	smiling
when sitting close to a date what clue might they give that they like	arm around you
when sitting close to a date what clue might they give that they like	move closer
when sitting close to a date what clue might they give that they like	looking at you
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	postcard
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	keychain
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	t shirt
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	magnet
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	shot glass
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	pen
while vacationing what might a cheapskate buy as souvenirs for her friends	mug
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	religion
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	politics
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	sense of humor
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	age
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	if they have kids
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	male/ female
what can you find out about person by reading their bumper stickers	where they live
what do a barber and butcher have in common	cutting
what do a barber and butcher have in common	own a shop
what do a barber and butcher have in common	often male
what do a barber and butcher have in common	white coat
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	chew gum/candy
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	lie
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	pass gas
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	swear
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	smoke
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	sleep
what would you do in a job interview that would guarantee you dont get the job	arrive late
what might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it	internet acronyms
what might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it	slang
what might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it	misspelling
what might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it	swearing
what might you see in an email that would make yo think a teen wrote it	smiley face
which endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by?	honey
which endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by?	baby
which endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by?	sweetie
which endearment would many women be annoyed to hear a stranger call them by?	dear
what kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach	towel
what kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach	bathing suit
what kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach	sun screen
what kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach	umbrella
what kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach	sunglasses
what kind of gift would you get somebody that spends a lot of time at the beach	beach chair
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	burp
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	leave
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	spit
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	try to kiss you
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	swear
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	not open door
what might a date do in the first minutes that tells you they have bad manners	talk on phone
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, what do you do?	wear extra clothes
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, what do you do?	wrap in a blanket
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, what do you do?	light a fire
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, what do you do?	cuddle up
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, what do you do?	take a bath
when it gets chilly outside, but you don't want to turn on the heat, what do you do?	drink something hot
what might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel	diet
what might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel	exercise
what might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel	plastic surgery
what might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel	get head shots
what might a woman have to do in order to become a supermodel	wear stylish clothes
who or what might enter a house without using the front door?	burglar
who or what might enter a house without using the front door?	pet
who or what might enter a house without using the front door?	santa claus
who or what might enter a house without using the front door?	kid/ teen
who or what might enter a house without using the front door?	police officer
what do people eat in the hospital	jell o
what do people eat in the hospital	soup
what do people eat in the hospital	ice cream
what do people eat in the hospital	pudding
what do people eat in the hospital	apple sauce
why might a family move into a bigger house?	family has grown
why might a family move into a bigger house?	want more space
why might a family move into a bigger house?	can afford more
what is a word people often use in place of "whatchamacallit?"	thing-a-ma-jig
what is a word people often use in place of "whatchamacallit?"	thingy
what is a word people often use in place of "whatchamacallit?"	thing-a-ma-bob
what would a single guy have to learn about laundry	mixing colors
what would a single guy have to learn about laundry	soap
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the name elvis presley?	music
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the name elvis presley?	the king
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the name elvis presley?	singer
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the name elvis presley?	he's dead
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the name elvis presley?	hips
what's the first thing that comes to mind when you heat the name elvis presley?	polyester suits
what happens to fairy tale princesses, but not to most regular people in love?	happily ever after
what happens to fairy tale princesses, but not to most regular people in love?	princess charming
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	car
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	wife
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	house
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	movies
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	recipes
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	yard
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd like to swap with your neighbor.	gossip/news
which occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest?	teacher
which occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest?	housewife
which occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest?	entrepreneur
which occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest?	animal care
which occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest?	musician
which occupation do you think make you not necessarily the richest, but the happiest?	nurse
what are a couch potato's favorite hobbies.	watch tv
what are a couch potato's favorite hobbies.	eating
what are a couch potato's favorite hobbies.	sleeping
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	battery
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	engine/motor
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	radiator
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	carburetor
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	dipstick
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	oil tank/cap
we surveyed 100 women...name something specific under the car's hood that you can identify.	air-conditioning
what breed of dog might be called "precious"?	poodle
what breed of dog might be called "precious"?	chihuahua
what breed of dog might be called "precious"?	cocker spaniel
what breed of dog might be called "precious"?	pekingese
what breed of dog might be called "precious"?	shih tzu
which food are you most likely to pig out on?	meat
which food are you most likely to pig out on?	ice cream
which food are you most likely to pig out on?	fish
which food are you most likely to pig out on?	pizza
which food are you most likely to pig out on?	candy
which food are you most likely to pig out on?	chips
what do you eat that has a hole in the middle?	donut
what do you eat that has a hole in the middle?	bagel
what do you eat that has a hole in the middle?	cereal
what do you eat that has a hole in the middle?	hard candy
we surveyed 100 women...name something a man can do better than a woman can.	fix stuff/cars
we surveyed 100 women...name something a man can do better than a woman can.	sports
we surveyed 100 women...name something a man can do better than a woman can.	lift things
we surveyed 100 women...name something a man can do better than a woman can.	nothing
we surveyed 100 women...name something a man can do better than a woman can.	drive
where might you be if someone asks "room for one more?	taxi/car
where might you be if someone asks "room for one more?	elevator
where might you be if someone asks "room for one more?	public transit
where might you be if someone asks "room for one more?	restaurant
where might you be if someone asks "room for one more?	bar
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	housing
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	food
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	car
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	gas
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	taxes
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	television
while the rich get richer, name something everyone else is having trouble affording.	schooling
we surveyed 100 married women...if you didn't cook for your husband, what would he do?	cook for himself
we surveyed 100 married women...if you didn't cook for your husband, what would he do?	order out
we surveyed 100 married women...if you didn't cook for your husband, what would he do?	complain/get mad
we surveyed 100 married women...if you didn't cook for your husband, what would he do?	starve
we surveyed 100 married women...if you didn't cook for your husband, what would he do?	go to his mom's
what excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"dog ate it"
what excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"forgot"
what excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"was sick"
what excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"lost it"
what excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	don't have books
what excuses would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"computer broke"
which command should a horse understand before you ride it?	stop
which command should a horse understand before you ride it?	giddy up
which command should a horse understand before you ride it?	slow down
which command should a horse understand before you ride it?	stay still
while in flight what would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane?	napping
while in flight what would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane?	drinking
while in flight what would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane?	using phone
while in flight what would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane?	reading
while in flight what would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane?	snacking
while in flight what would you hate to see the pilot doing instead of flying the plane?	socializing in cabin
when you go to a party, name a good excuse to give as your exit strategy.	emergency
when you go to a party, name a good excuse to give as your exit strategy.	i'm tired
when you go to a party, name a good excuse to give as your exit strategy.	check on kids
when you go to a party, name a good excuse to give as your exit strategy.	feel sick
when you go to a party, name a good excuse to give as your exit strategy.	waking up early
when you go to a party, name a good excuse to give as your exit strategy.	other engagement
when you sneak out of work and get caught, name the reason you give for leaving.	"felt sick"
when you sneak out of work and get caught, name the reason you give for leaving.	family/emergency
when you sneak out of work and get caught, name the reason you give for leaving.	dr./dentist appt.
when you sneak out of work and get caught, name the reason you give for leaving.	get a bite/lunch
when you sneak out of work and get caught, name the reason you give for leaving.	"went to smoke"
we surveyed 100 married women...name a part of your husband's body you think is cute.	tush
we surveyed 100 married women...name a part of your husband's body you think is cute.	chest
we surveyed 100 married women...name a part of your husband's body you think is cute.	smile/lips
we surveyed 100 married women...name a part of your husband's body you think is cute.	eyes
we surveyed 100 married women...name a part of your husband's body you think is cute.	legs
which city in america charges the most for parking?	new york
which city in america charges the most for parking?	los angeles
which city in america charges the most for parking?	san francisco
which city in america charges the most for parking?	chicago
which city in america charges the most for parking?	washington dc
what would you do if you saw a ghost?	scream
what would you do if you saw a ghost?	talk to it
what would you do if you saw a ghost?	run
what would you do if you saw a ghost?	pray
what would you do if you saw a ghost?	faint
what would you do if you saw a ghost?	pinch myself
what might a man keep in his wallet?	money
what might a man keep in his wallet?	driver's license
what might a man keep in his wallet?	credit card
what might a man keep in his wallet?	receipts
what might a man keep in his wallet?	family photos
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband is in the mood for love, what are you in the mood for?	sleep
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband is in the mood for love, what are you in the mood for?	love
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband is in the mood for love, what are you in the mood for?	food
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband is in the mood for love, what are you in the mood for?	watch tv
what do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning?	sleeping/relaxing
what do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning?	going to church
what do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning?	reading newspaper
what do most people look forward to doing on sunday morning?	watching tv
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	gas prices
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	food prices
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	the cost of living
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	inflation
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	taxes
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	debt
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	unemployment
while salaries have gone down, name something that's gone up.	anger
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	big bucks
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	flashy car
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	charm/gift of gab
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	have buff bod
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	have a good job
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	handsome face
we surveyed 100 men...if you wanted to be a ladies' man, name something you would need.	fine threads
what's the shabbiest thing you own.	clothes
what's the shabbiest thing you own.	car
what's the shabbiest thing you own.	furniture
what's the shabbiest thing you own.	family member
what's the shabbiest thing you own.	room
what's the shabbiest thing you own.	curtains
when you really think about it, what's something you are lucky to have?	family
when you really think about it, what's something you are lucky to have?	health
when you really think about it, what's something you are lucky to have?	home
when you really think about it, what's something you are lucky to have?	my life
when you really think about it, what's something you are lucky to have?	friends
when you really think about it, what's something you are lucky to have?	education
what would you find at a frat party?	alcohol
what would you find at a frat party?	keg
what would you find at a frat party?	college students
what would you find at a frat party?	drinking games
we surveyed 100 women...name a beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours.	jennifer lopez
we surveyed 100 women...name a beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours.	halle berry
we surveyed 100 women...name a beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours.	liz taylor
we surveyed 100 women...name a beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours.	angelina jolie
we surveyed 100 women...name a beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours.	jennifer aniston
we surveyed 100 women...name a beautiful actress whose luck with men is just as bad as yours.	julia roberts
what is one of the first things a pirate learns to do?	sailing
what is one of the first things a pirate learns to do?	fighting
what is one of the first things a pirate learns to do?	stealing
what is one of the first things a pirate learns to do?	saying arr
what is one of the first things a pirate learns to do?	swimming
what's a very female hobby?	shopping
what's a very female hobby?	sewing
what's a very female hobby?	knitting
what's a very female hobby?	netball
what's a very female hobby?	fashion
we surveyed 100 women...name something you do for yourself before a special date with a man.	long bath/shower
we surveyed 100 women...name something you do for yourself before a special date with a man.	get hair done
we surveyed 100 women...name something you do for yourself before a special date with a man.	buy new outfit
we surveyed 100 women...name something you do for yourself before a special date with a man.	soak toes
we surveyed 100 women...name something you do for yourself before a special date with a man.	get manicure
we surveyed 100 married men...which of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed?	happy
we surveyed 100 married men...which of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed?	sleepy
we surveyed 100 married men...which of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed?	bashful
we surveyed 100 married men...which of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed?	grumpy
we surveyed 100 married men...which of the seven dwarfs describes your wife in bed?	dopey
what would you be surprised if it was not at a birthday party.	cake
what would you be surprised if it was not at a birthday party.	presents
what would you be surprised if it was not at a birthday party.	balloons
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	computer
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	chess
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	debate
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	glee club
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	boy scouts
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	math
what kind of high school clubs do you think bill gates was in?	science
we surveyed 100 women...name something men talk about that you pretend to be interested in.	sports
we surveyed 100 women...name something men talk about that you pretend to be interested in.	cars
we surveyed 100 women...name something men talk about that you pretend to be interested in.	jobs/work
we surveyed 100 women...name something men talk about that you pretend to be interested in.	sex
we surveyed 100 women...name something men talk about that you pretend to be interested in.	politics
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me one word that always gets a man's attention.	sex
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me one word that always gets a man's attention.	money
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me one word that always gets a man's attention.	food
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me one word that always gets a man's attention.	dinner
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me one word that always gets a man's attention.	beer
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me one word that always gets a man's attention.	honey
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays?	give money
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays?	donate canned goods
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays?	serve meals
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays?	donate toys
what do you do to help out the less fortunate at the holidays?	invite to dinner
where is it important to know all the words to a song?	place of worship
where is it important to know all the words to a song?	karaoke bar
where is it important to know all the words to a song?	pageant
where is it important to know all the words to a song?	sports game
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that your husband has bad taste in.	his clothes/shoes
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that your husband has bad taste in.	home decor
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that your husband has bad taste in.	gift choices
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that your husband has bad taste in.	food/restaurants
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that your husband has bad taste in.	friends
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	yell/jump for joy
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	cash it
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	spend/share it
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	faint
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	call family
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	hide/put away
what's the first thing you'd do if you were holding the winning lottery ticket?	call lawyer
which first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives"?	hillary clinton
which first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives"?	jackie kennedy
which first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives"?	nancy reagan
which first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives"?	eleanor roosevelt
which first lady stated, "i don't think there are any men who are faithful to their wives"?	laura bush
where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend.	work
where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend.	jail
where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend.	hospital
where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend.	home
where is the last place you would want to spend your weekend.	church
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...something your mom is always telling you it's time to do.	clean room/bed
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...something your mom is always telling you it's time to do.	chores
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...something your mom is always telling you it's time to do.	go to bed
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...something your mom is always telling you it's time to do.	bathe/wash up
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...something your mom is always telling you it's time to do.	homework
what breed of dog do you think eats the most?	st. bernard
what breed of dog do you think eats the most?	pit bull
what breed of dog do you think eats the most?	german shepherd
what breed of dog do you think eats the most?	rottweiler
what breed of dog do you think eats the most?	great dane
we surveyed 100 women...what do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house?	set trap
we surveyed 100 women...what do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house?	scream
we surveyed 100 women...what do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house?	get a cat
we surveyed 100 women...what do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house?	run/leave house
we surveyed 100 women...what do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house?	call someone/ext.
we surveyed 100 women...what do you do when you discover there's a mouse in the house?	jump on chair/bed
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	stretch
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	find bathroom
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	get luggage
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	thank god
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	smoke
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	find family/friend
what is the first thing you do when you get off a long airplane flight?	have a drink
when kids don't want to go to school, name an illness that's easy for them to fake.	stomach ache
when kids don't want to go to school, name an illness that's easy for them to fake.	sore throat
when kids don't want to go to school, name an illness that's easy for them to fake.	fever
when kids don't want to go to school, name an illness that's easy for them to fake.	cold
when kids don't want to go to school, name an illness that's easy for them to fake.	headache
when kids complain that they're bored, name something parents tell them to do.	play
when kids complain that they're bored, name something parents tell them to do.	chores
when kids complain that they're bored, name something parents tell them to do.	read book
when kids complain that they're bored, name something parents tell them to do.	homework
when kids complain that they're bored, name something parents tell them to do.	watch tv
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	talking/arguing
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	shopping
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	bathing/bathroom
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	sleeping
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	eating
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	watching tv/movie
we surveyed 100 men...name something you'd better not interrupt a woman while she's doing it.	fixing hair
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	card
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	kiss/love
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	flowers
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	candy/chocolate
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	dinner
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	cologne
we surveyed 100 married men...name something you get every single valentine's day.	tie
what are some things that parents do to care for a sick child?	give medicine
what are some things that parents do to care for a sick child?	make soup
what are some things that parents do to care for a sick child?	take them to the doctor
what are some things that parents do to care for a sick child?	take temp
what are some things that parents do to care for a sick child?	cuddle
we surveyed 100 married women...name a reason you'd sleep in a separate bed.	angry
we surveyed 100 married women...name a reason you'd sleep in a separate bed.	snoring
we surveyed 100 married women...name a reason you'd sleep in a separate bed.	sick
we surveyed 100 married women...name a reason you'd sleep in a separate bed.	no desire hubby
we surveyed 100 married women...name a reason you'd sleep in a separate bed.	don't like a/c
what was the greatest band of the 1990's?	aerosmith
what was the greatest band of the 1990's?	backstreet boys
what was the greatest band of the 1990's?	goo goo dolls
what was the greatest band of the 1990's?	nirvana
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	his looks
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	his clothes
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	good body/strong
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	great personality
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	he smells good
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	his brain
we surveyed 100 women...name something you compliment a man on just to feed his ego.	his job
when it comes to raising kids, what's the one thing you need the most of?	patience
when it comes to raising kids, what's the one thing you need the most of?	love
when it comes to raising kids, what's the one thing you need the most of?	money
when it comes to raising kids, what's the one thing you need the most of?	time
when it comes to raising kids, what's the one thing you need the most of?	discipline
when it comes to raising kids, what's the one thing you need the most of?	food
what's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner?	food burns
what's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner?	power goes out
what's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner?	drop the food
what's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner?	stove breaks
what's the worst thing that could happen just as company is about to arrive for dinner?	toilet overflows
at a rock concert name something people do when a song is over	clap
at a rock concert name something people do when a song is over	scream
at a rock concert name something people do when a song is over	go home
at a rock concert name something people do when a song is over	call for encore
at a rock concert name something people do when a song is over	sit down
according to fairly tales, name a way to meet prince charming	kiss a frog
according to fairly tales, name a way to meet prince charming	fall fast asleep
according to fairly tales, name a way to meet prince charming	go to a ball
according to fairly tales, name a way to meet prince charming	lose your shoe
at the end of a work day, name something you're usually tired of	paperwork
at the end of a work day, name something you're usually tired of	people
at the end of a work day, name something you're usually tired of	standing/sitting
at the end of a work day, name something you're usually tired of	boss
at the end of a work day, name something you're usually tired of	talking
at the end of a work day, name something you're usually tired of	computer
a young person fights for their right to party what might an old person fight for the right to do	sleep
a young person fights for their right to party what might an old person fight for the right to do	vote
a young person fights for their right to party what might an old person fight for the right to do	retire
a young person fights for their right to party what might an old person fight for the right to do	keep license
a young person fights for their right to party what might an old person fight for the right to do	get social security
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	model
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	director
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	singer
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	hollywood manager
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	athlete
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	producer
aside from other movie stars name a common profession for movie star spouses	writer
at the end of the day, name something indiana jones might put away in his closet.	hat
at the end of the day, name something indiana jones might put away in his closet.	whip
at the end of the day, name something indiana jones might put away in his closet.	knife
at the end of the day, name something indiana jones might put away in his closet.	gun
as harry potter gets older, name a part of his body that gets more hairy.	face
as harry potter gets older, name a part of his body that gets more hairy.	chest
as harry potter gets older, name a part of his body that gets more hairy.	arm
as harry potter gets older, name a part of his body that gets more hairy.	ears
as harry potter gets older, name a part of his body that gets more hairy.	head
as harry potter gets older, name a part of his body that gets more hairy.	back
according to men: name something a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing.	cleaning
according to men: name something a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing.	hair
according to men: name something a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing.	talking
according to men: name something a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing.	shopping
according to men: name something a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing.	cooking
according to men: name something a women would have a hard time going a whole week without doing.	watching tv
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage. name something that will be different about dating now.	expense
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage. name something that will be different about dating now.	independent w
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage. name something that will be different about dating now.	who pays
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage. name something that will be different about dating now.	internet
a man divorces after 25 years of marriage. name something that will be different about dating now.	age differences
at a concert what might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar?	undergarments
at a concert what might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar?	hands
at a concert what might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar?	sign
at a concert what might a woman wave at her favorite rockstar?	lighter
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	lube/ky jelly
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	jewelry
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	roses
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	pabst/booze
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	boner bonnets
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	food/frozen meals
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	toilet paper
a family man buys food in bulk. name something a single guy buys in bulk.	undies/clothes
at a nightclub what would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped?	dancing
at a nightclub what would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped?	singing along
at a nightclub what would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped?	screaming
at a nightclub what would you hate to be doing when the music suddenly stopped?	smooching
besides thanksgiving name a holiday you celebrate with a lot of food	christmas
besides thanksgiving name a holiday you celebrate with a lot of food	easter
besides thanksgiving name a holiday you celebrate with a lot of food	fourth of july
besides thanksgiving name a holiday you celebrate with a lot of food	new years
besides thanksgiving name a holiday you celebrate with a lot of food	memorial day
besides thanksgiving name a holiday you celebrate with a lot of food	hanukkah
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	love
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	gambling
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	coffee
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	eating
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	tv
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	chocolate
besides alcohol drugs or tobacco name something that people get addicted to	internet
besides a bird, name an animal that has claws.	cat
besides a bird, name an animal that has claws.	bear
besides a bird, name an animal that has claws.	tiger
besides a bird, name an animal that has claws.	lion
besides a bird, name an animal that has claws.	dog
besides a bird, name an animal that has claws.	bat
besides dancing, name something people do on the dance floor	talk
besides dancing, name something people do on the dance floor	sing
besides dancing, name something people do on the dance floor	kiss
besides dancing, name something people do on the dance floor	drink
besides clothes,name something the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size.	shoes
besides clothes,name something the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size.	car
besides clothes,name something the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size.	a 50 foot man
besides clothes,name something the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size.	bed
besides clothes,name something the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size.	sunglasses
besides clothes,name something the 50 foot woman might have trouble finding in her size.	house
besides coughing, what's something you can't stop yourself from doing?	sneezing
besides coughing, what's something you can't stop yourself from doing?	getting hiccups
besides coughing, what's something you can't stop yourself from doing?	breathing
besides coughing, what's something you can't stop yourself from doing?	blinking
besides coughing, what's something you can't stop yourself from doing?	laughing
besides coughing, what's something you can't stop yourself from doing?	eating/drinking
besides their kids, name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	dog
besides their kids, name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	each other
besides their kids, name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	tv
besides their kids, name something that might keep new parents awake at night.	worry
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	manager
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	driver
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	groupies
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	band
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	agent
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	journalist
besides the star, name someone that might ride in a rock star's tour bus.	bodyguard
besides your plane ticket, name something you can spend money on at an airport	food/drink
besides your plane ticket, name something you can spend money on at an airport	magazine/paper
besides your plane ticket, name something you can spend money on at an airport	souveniers
besides your plane ticket, name something you can spend money on at an airport	luggage fee
besides your plane ticket, name something you can spend money on at an airport	parking
besides swimming name something people do to stay cool in the summer	cold drinks
besides swimming name something people do to stay cool in the summer	eat ice cream
besides swimming name something people do to stay cool in the summer	use a fan
besides swimming name something people do to stay cool in the summer	cold shower
besides swimming name something people do to stay cool in the summer	air conditioning
besides swimming name something people do to stay cool in the summer	sit in shade
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	fancy food
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	wine
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	napkins
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	candles
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	cocktail glasses
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	flowers
besides dishes and utensils what else do you need to host a fancy dinner party	music
besides sleep, name something you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work	read
besides sleep, name something you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work	eat
besides sleep, name something you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work	watch tv
besides sleep, name something you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work	make love
besides sleep, name something you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work	play games
besides sleep, name something you'd rather do with the time you spend commuting to and from work	shop
besides football games, name an event that might be held in a football stadium	baseball
besides football games, name an event that might be held in a football stadium	concert
besides cd's, name something a music store might sell	dvd's
besides cd's, name something a music store might sell	mp3 players
besides richard karn, name a famous richard.	richard nixon
besides richard karn, name a famous richard.	richard gere
besides richard karn, name a famous richard.	richard burton
besides richard karn, name a famous richard.	richard pryor
besides richard karn, name a famous richard.	richard dawson
besides snow, name something you would need to make a snowman.	carrot
besides snow, name something you would need to make a snowman.	coal
besides snow, name something you would need to make a snowman.	hat
besides fly, name soemthing birds do a lot of.	poo
besides fly, name soemthing birds do a lot of.	eat
besides people, name something that has been sent into space.	monkey
besides people, name something that has been sent into space.	satellite
besides people, name something that has been sent into space.	rocket
besides people, name something that has been sent into space.	space shuttle
besides your family, name someone you see regularly.	coworker
besides your family, name someone you see regularly.	neighbor
besides your family, name someone you see regularly.	friend
besides your family, name someone you see regularly.	doctor
besides hamburger, name an ingredient you'd find in hamburger helper.	noodles
besides hamburger, name an ingredient you'd find in hamburger helper.	cheese
besides bread, name something you put in the toaster.	bagels
besides bread, name something you put in the toaster.	pop tarts
besides the bed name something you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of.	couch
besides the bed name something you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of.	car
besides the bed name something you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of.	dinner table
besides the bed name something you and your partner usually stick to your own sides of.	closet/dresser
besides another person, tell me something else you've kissed.	pet
besides another person, tell me something else you've kissed.	photograph
besides another person, tell me something else you've kissed.	stuffed animal
besides another person, tell me something else you've kissed.	the ground
besides another person, tell me something else you've kissed.	rabbit's foot
besides water, name a liquid used in cooking.	oil
besides water, name a liquid used in cooking.	milk
besides water, name a liquid used in cooking.	wine
besides water, name a liquid used in cooking.	broth
besides a baby, name something you might see in a crib.	blanket
besides a baby, name something you might see in a crib.	toys
besides a baby, name something you might see in a crib.	teddy
besides a baby, name something you might see in a crib.	rattle
besides a baby, name something you might see in a crib.	pillow
besides a clock or a watch, what in your home displays the time?	vcr
besides a clock or a watch, what in your home displays the time?	microwave
besides a clock or a watch, what in your home displays the time?	stove
besides a clock or a watch, what in your home displays the time?	radio
besides a clock or a watch, what in your home displays the time?	tv
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	yell
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	swear
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	slam doors
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	talk back
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	walk away
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	say i hate you
during an argument what might a teen do that makes their parents really angry	roll eyes
describe a bad occupation for someone who can't swim.	lifeguard
describe a bad occupation for someone who can't swim.	sailor
describe a bad occupation for someone who can't swim.	diver
describe a bad occupation for someone who can't swim.	swimming instructor
describe a bad occupation for someone who can't swim.	fisherman
even though its a beautiful place to visit name a reason why you might not want to live in hawaii	far away
even though its a beautiful place to visit name a reason why you might not want to live in hawaii	rains too much
even though its a beautiful place to visit name a reason why you might not want to live in hawaii	expensive
even though its a beautiful place to visit name a reason why you might not want to live in hawaii	crowded
even though he's normally jolly, name a gripe santa claus might have about a house he's delivering toys to.	small chimney
even though he's normally jolly, name a gripe santa claus might have about a house he's delivering toys to.	no cookies
finish this sentence: i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____.	a bed
finish this sentence: i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____.	room service
finish this sentence: i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____.	running water
finish this sentence: i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____.	a tv
finish this sentence: i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____.	a pool
finish this sentence: i'd never stay in a hotel that didn't have _____.	internet
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	money
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	romance
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	kids
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	stress
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	bills
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	fun
finish this sentence since i got married i have more	weight
fact or fiction, name a famous james.	james bond
fact or fiction, name a famous james.	james brown
fact or fiction, name a famous james.	james dean
fact or fiction, name a famous james.	james stewart
fact or fiction, name a famous james.	jesse james
fact or fiction, name a famous james.	james garner
fill in the blank: whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____.	mansion
fill in the blank: whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____.	sportscar
fill in the blank: whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____.	yacht
fill in the blank: whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____.	dog
fill in the blank: whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____.	penny
fill in the blank: whoever said money can't buy happiness never owned a _____.	big-screen tv
for what occasion in your life were you most nervous?	wedding
for what occasion in your life were you most nervous?	having a baby
for what occasion in your life were you most nervous?	graduation
for what occasion in your life were you most nervous?	job interview
for what occasion in your life were you most nervous?	surgery
for what occasion in your life were you most nervous?	test
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	diet
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	work
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	get sick
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	fight
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	sleep
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	shop
finish this sentence: thanksgiving, not a good day to ___.	travel
fill in this blank: i'll never forget my first ____.	kiss
fill in this blank: i'll never forget my first ____.	date/love
fill in this blank: i'll never forget my first ____.	car
fill in this blank: i'll never forget my first ____.	job
give me a word that follows 'over the ...'	hill
give me a word that follows 'over the ...'	rainbow
give me a word that follows 'over the ...'	moon
give me a word that follows 'over the ...'	top
give me a reason why friends might have a falling out.	money
give me a reason why friends might have a falling out.	children
give me a reason why friends might have a falling out.	marriage
give me a reason why friends might have a falling out.	move away
give me a reason why friends might have a falling out.	fighting
give me a slang term for someone who's afraid.	scaredy-cat
give me a slang term for someone who's afraid.	chicken
give me a slang term for someone who's afraid.	punk
give me a slang term for someone who's afraid.	coward
give me a slang term for someone who's afraid.	sissy
give me a word or phrase that contains the word "belly."	belly dancer
give me a word or phrase that contains the word "belly."	belly button
give me a word or phrase that contains the word "belly."	belly-up/to bar
give me a word or phrase that contains the word "belly."	bellyache
give me a word or phrase that contains the word "belly."	jelly belly
give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in.	bewitched
give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in.	the others
give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in.	moulin rouge
give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in.	eyes wide shut
give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in.	batman forever
give me the title of a movie nicole kidman has been in.	the interpreter
give me a song with the word "moon" in the title.	moon river
give me a song with the word "moon" in the title.	blue moon
give me a song with the word "moon" in the title.	moon over miami
give me a song with the word "moon" in the title.	by...silvery moon
give me a song with the word "moon" in the title.	harvest moon
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	ticket
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	flat tire
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	broken glass
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	dent/car hit
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	scratches
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	bird poop
give me something that you would hate to see when you return to your parked car.	not there
how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station	instruments
how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station	announcer's voice
how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station	sad songs
how do you know that youre tuned into a country radio station	commercials
how many days after christmas do people take down their decorations.	7
how many days after christmas do people take down their decorations.	5
if you were married to a pirate what might you often receive for a gift	gold coins
if you were married to a pirate what might you often receive for a gift	jewelry
if you were married to a pirate what might you often receive for a gift	parrot
if you were married to a pirate what might you often receive for a gift	eye patch
if you were married to a pirate what might you often receive for a gift	rum
in today's world, name something that helps people stay "forever young."	plastic surgery
in today's world, name something that helps people stay "forever young."	exercise
in today's world, name something that helps people stay "forever young."	vitamins
in today's world, name something that helps people stay "forever young."	makeup
if santa showed up at your work holiday party what might your coworkers request for christmas	bonus
if santa showed up at your work holiday party what might your coworkers request for christmas	raise
if santa showed up at your work holiday party what might your coworkers request for christmas	car
if santa showed up at your work holiday party what might your coworkers request for christmas	time off
if santa showed up at your work holiday party what might your coworkers request for christmas	new boss
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," name something that would be in it.	dress
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," name something that would be in it.	photos
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," name something that would be in it.	cake topper
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," name something that would be in it.	veil/bridal accessry
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," name something that would be in it.	invitations
if you had a box in the attic labeled "wedding," name something that would be in it.	video tape
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	pageant walk
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	winning smile
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	make up application
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	pageant wave
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	hair styling
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	singing
if there was a school for beauty queens name a skill that would be taught there	correct posture
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived what would you likely find inside	cheese bar
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived what would you likely find inside	beer
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived what would you likely find inside	dirty clothes
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived what would you likely find inside	female mice
if a mouse pad were a place where bachelor mice lived what would you likely find inside	mini tv
if there were no clean plates what might you eat over	napkin
if there were no clean plates what might you eat over	sink
if there were no clean plates what might you eat over	table
if there were no clean plates what might you eat over	bowl
if there were no clean plates what might you eat over	hand
if barbie and ken broke up, what might barbie do with all the extra time?	shop
if barbie and ken broke up, what might barbie do with all the extra time?	date
if barbie and ken broke up, what might barbie do with all the extra time?	model/get a job
if barbie and ken broke up, what might barbie do with all the extra time?	party
if barbie and ken broke up, what might barbie do with all the extra time?	go to the beach
if barbie and ken broke up, what might barbie do with all the extra time?	cruise in corvette
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band what might their songs bark about	young people
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band what might their songs bark about	medicine/health
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band what might their songs bark about	dentures
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band what might their songs bark about	getting old
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band what might their songs bark about	fixed income
if a group of senior citizens formed a punk rock band what might their songs bark about	aches and pains
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	big bird
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	elmo
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	grover
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	ernie and bert
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	kermit
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	cookie monster
if you lived on sesame street name somebody you might be friends with	oscar the grouch
if superman got old like the rest of us, name a sign that it might be time for him to retire	can't fly
if superman got old like the rest of us, name a sign that it might be time for him to retire	getting weak
if superman got old like the rest of us, name a sign that it might be time for him to retire	slowing down
if superman got old like the rest of us, name a sign that it might be time for him to retire	no x ray vision
if superman got old like the rest of us, name a sign that it might be time for him to retire	gray hair
if superman got old like the rest of us, name a sign that it might be time for him to retire	memory loss
if you were pretending to be pregnant, name something you might stuff under your shirt.	pillow
if you were pretending to be pregnant, name something you might stuff under your shirt.	a big ball
if you were pretending to be pregnant, name something you might stuff under your shirt.	towels
if you were pretending to be pregnant, name something you might stuff under your shirt.	balloon
if your company was saving money name something that might not be at the holiday party	food
if your company was saving money name something that might not be at the holiday party	alcohol
if your company was saving money name something that might not be at the holiday party	gifts
if your company was saving money name something that might not be at the holiday party	music
if your company was saving money name something that might not be at the holiday party	decorations
if which profession do you often find people with wacky hair?	hair stylist
if which profession do you often find people with wacky hair?	musician
if which profession do you often find people with wacky hair?	clown
if which profession do you often find people with wacky hair?	scientist
if which profession do you often find people with wacky hair?	model
if which profession do you often find people with wacky hair?	comedian
if you see pink frosting on a cake what flavor would you expect it to be	strawberry
if you see pink frosting on a cake what flavor would you expect it to be	cherry
if you see pink frosting on a cake what flavor would you expect it to be	raspberry
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	phone call
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	pass gas
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	family member
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	weather
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	sneeze/cough
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	door bell
in the heat of the moment,what might happen that could ruin it?	bad breath
if you wanted to have conversation with someone, name a noisy place you'd avoid.	bar
if you wanted to have conversation with someone, name a noisy place you'd avoid.	concert
if you wanted to have conversation with someone, name a noisy place you'd avoid.	mall
if you wanted to have conversation with someone, name a noisy place you'd avoid.	restaurant
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	jewelery
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	car
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	tv
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	watch/clock
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	stocks
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	furniture
if you needed some fast cash, name a possession you might sell	clothes
if someone left 12 million dollars to a dog, what would the dog buy with it?	bones
if someone left 12 million dollars to a dog, what would the dog buy with it?	dog house
if someone left 12 million dollars to a dog, what would the dog buy with it?	nothing
if someone left 12 million dollars to a dog, what would the dog buy with it?	lots of food
if someone left 12 million dollars to a dog, what would the dog buy with it?	treats
if someone left 12 million dollars to a dog, what would the dog buy with it?	new owner
if a ten-year-old went on strike, name something that might be demanded from the parents.	bigger allowance
if a ten-year-old went on strike, name something that might be demanded from the parents.	toys
if animals had yearly check-ups, name one that might be told to lose some weight.	elephant
if animals had yearly check-ups, name one that might be told to lose some weight.	bear
if animals had yearly check-ups, name one that might be told to lose some weight.	pig
if animals had yearly check-ups, name one that might be told to lose some weight.	cow
if animals had yearly check-ups, name one that might be told to lose some weight.	hippo
if animals had yearly check-ups, name one that might be told to lose some weight.	whale
if you ran out of kleenex, name something you might wipe your nose with.	shirt sleeve
if you ran out of kleenex, name something you might wipe your nose with.	toilet paper
if you were in a forest camping out, name a sound that might keep you up all night	bear growling
if you were in a forest camping out, name a sound that might keep you up all night	owls
if you were in a forest camping out, name a sound that might keep you up all night	crickets
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, name something she might crash into.	tree
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, name something she might crash into.	building
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, name something she might crash into.	telephone pole
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, name something she might crash into.	power line
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, name something she might crash into.	plane
if a witch was not paying attention to where she was flying, name something she might crash into.	bird
if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him?	mrs. claus
if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him?	elves
if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him?	rudolph/reindeer
if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him?	tooth fairy
if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him?	easter bunny
if santa got the flu on christmas eve who might he ask to fill in for him?	kids' parents
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa what dance might he do at the prom?	waltz
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa what dance might he do at the prom?	the twist
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa what dance might he do at the prom?	swing/charleston
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa what dance might he do at the prom?	polka
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa what dance might he do at the prom?	square-dance
if a teen gets his moves from grandpa what dance might he do at the prom?	tango
if a clown had a garage sale, name something you'd probably see for sale.	red nose
if a clown had a garage sale, name something you'd probably see for sale.	big shoes
if a clown had a garage sale, name something you'd probably see for sale.	wig
if there were a musical named "dogs", name a prop they would probably use on stage.	fire hydrant
if there were a musical named "dogs", name a prop they would probably use on stage.	big bone
if there were a musical named "dogs", name a prop they would probably use on stage.	dog house
if there were a musical named "dogs", name a prop they would probably use on stage.	tree
if there were a musical named "dogs", name a prop they would probably use on stage.	squeaky toy
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	7
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	5
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	2
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	3
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	4
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	30
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	14
if you're cooking thanksgiving dinner, how many days in advance do you start preparing?	1
if you owned 101 dalmatians tell me something you'd need to buy 101 of.	collars/tags
if you owned 101 dalmatians tell me something you'd need to buy 101 of.	food bowls
if you owned 101 dalmatians tell me something you'd need to buy 101 of.	leashes
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	pot/pan
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	spatula
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	rolling pin
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	food
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	knife
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	cleaver
if you criticize a chef's cooking, name something he might hit you with.	spoon
if you were the world's biggest slob, name something you might go an entire year without washing.	hair
if you were the world's biggest slob, name something you might go an entire year without washing.	clothes
if you were the world's biggest slob, name something you might go an entire year without washing.	sheets
if you were the world's biggest slob, name something you might go an entire year without washing.	dishes
if you were the world's biggest slob, name something you might go an entire year without washing.	car
if you were the world's biggest slob, name something you might go an entire year without washing.	bathroom
if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be	pizza
if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be	chocolates
if you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be	hamburgers
if bulls went on strike name another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride.	horse
if bulls went on strike name another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride.	cow
if bulls went on strike name another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride.	lion
if bulls went on strike name another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride.	elephant
if bulls went on strike name another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride.	pig
if bulls went on strike name another animal that people would pay to see a matador ride.	tiger
if you got fired from your job on monday, name something you might do on tuesday.	find new job
if you got fired from your job on monday, name something you might do on tuesday.	sleep in
if you got fired from your job on monday, name something you might do on tuesday.	file unemployment
if you got fired from your job on monday, name something you might do on tuesday.	go shopping
if you were living in a foreign country, name something you'd do to show your patriotism.	wear a flag
if you were living in a foreign country, name something you'd do to show your patriotism.	fly a flag
if you were living in a foreign country, name something you'd do to show your patriotism.	help others
if you were living in a foreign country, name something you'd do to show your patriotism.	listen springsteen
if you were living in a foreign country, name something you'd do to show your patriotism.	vote
if you were living in a foreign country, name something you'd do to show your patriotism.	buy american
in a crowded house name something specific that people line up to use.	toilet
in a crowded house name something specific that people line up to use.	shower
in a crowded house name something specific that people line up to use.	phone
in what room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder?	bedroom
in what room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder?	living room
in what room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder?	kitchen
in what room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder?	bathroom
in what room of the house is a man most likely to commit murder?	basement
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	dog
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	cat
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	mouse
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	horse
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	deer
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	cow
if animals could talk, which one would complain the most about humans?	monkey
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	fire them
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	hit
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	nothing
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	thank
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	yell
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	kiss
in your fantasies, name something you do to your boss.	have his job
in addition to a resume, what might an actor need to send when applying for a job.	head shots
in addition to a resume, what might an actor need to send when applying for a job.	video
if a baseball umpire had a talking parrot, name something he might learn to say.	you're out
if a baseball umpire had a talking parrot, name something he might learn to say.	strike
if you don't have a ruler, name something you use to measure things with.	tapemeasure
if you don't have a ruler, name something you use to measure things with.	feet
if you don't have a ruler, name something you use to measure things with.	hand
if you don't have a ruler, name something you use to measure things with.	string
if you don't have a ruler, name something you use to measure things with.	arm
if you don't have a ruler, name something you use to measure things with.	book
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods name a pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear	polka dots
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods name a pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear	stripes
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods name a pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear	floral
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods name a pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear	paisley
many hunters wear camouflage in the woods name a pattern youd be surprised to see a hunter wear	tie dye
name something that's often brought into a pawn shop.	jewelry
name something that's often brought into a pawn shop.	tv
name something that's often brought into a pawn shop.	watch
name something that's often brought into a pawn shop.	gun
name something that's often brought into a pawn shop.	musical instrument
name something that's often brought into a pawn shop.	stereo
name something a person might do in order to stay attractive	plastic surgery
name something a person might do in order to stay attractive	exercise
name something a person might do in order to stay attractive	wear makeup
name something a person might do in order to stay attractive	diet
name something a person might do in order to stay attractive	use botox
name something a person might do in order to stay attractive	dye hair
name a reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early	leave for honeymoon
name a reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early	a little privacy
name a reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early	tired
name a reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early	too much to drink
name a reason the bride and the groom might leave the reception early	arguing
name something on your body that you want to be shiny	hair
name something on your body that you want to be shiny	teeth
name something on your body that you want to be shiny	nails
name something on your body that you want to be shiny	lips
name something on your body that you want to be shiny	eyes
name something women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while	brassiere
name something women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while	high heels
name something women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while	underwear
name something women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while	girdle
name something women wear that becomes uncomfortable after a while	nylons
name a hair color that isnt natural	green
name a hair color that isnt natural	bright red
name a hair color that isnt natural	blue
name a hair color that isnt natural	purple
name a hair color that isnt natural	orange
name a hair color that isnt natural	pink
name a hair color that isnt natural	yellow
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	bar/club
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	movie theater
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	concert
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	sporting event
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	airport
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	fair
name a place where beverages are always overpriced	coffee shop
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	he's plump
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	is jolly
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	has a beard
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	wears a red suit
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	he's real
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	brings presents
name something a little kid might tell you about santa claus	lives at north pole
name an animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it	leopard
name an animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it	zebra
name an animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it	tiger
name an animal whose print looks natural on them but gaudy when your neighbor wears it	cheetah
name something hawaii is known for.	beaches
name something hawaii is known for.	luau
name something hawaii is known for.	volcanos
name something hawaii is known for.	hula dancers
name something hawaii is known for.	leis
name something hawaii is known for.	pineapples
name something hawaii is known for.	islands
name a food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating.	ice cream
name a food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating.	ribs
name a food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating.	spaghetti
name a food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating.	sloppy joe
name a food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating.	pizza
name a food that it's hard to keep your face clean while eating.	watermelon
name an article of clothing that children are always losing	socks
name an article of clothing that children are always losing	shoes
name an article of clothing that children are always losing	gloves
name an article of clothing that children are always losing	hat
name an article of clothing that children are always losing	jacket
name an occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law.	police officer
name an occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law.	lawyer
name an occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law.	judge
name an occupation in which you might be able to get away with breaking the law.	politician
name something a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee.	grumpy
name something a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee.	tired
name something a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee.	being late
name something a co-worker might blame on not having had their morning coffee.	slow
name a food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave	cake
name a food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave	chicken
name a food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave	bread
name a food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave	cookies
name a food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave	pie
name a food thats baked in the oven but cant be cooked in the microwave	roast
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	closing eyes
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	smiling
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	laughing
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	sneezing
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	frowning
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	moving
name something you try to avoid doing when posing for a photo	slouching
name a reason why a child can't wait to grow up	drive
name a reason why a child can't wait to grow up	move out
name a reason why a child can't wait to grow up	have a job
name a reason why a child can't wait to grow up	no rules
name a reason why a child can't wait to grow up	romance
name a reason why a child can't wait to grow up	no school
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	angelina jolie
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	madonna
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	rosie o'donnell
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	will smith
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	oprah winfrey
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	jerry lewis
name a celebrity who is often photographed off-screen with children.	brad pitt
name a place where someone might practice driving for the first time.	parking lot
name a place where someone might practice driving for the first time.	driving school
name a place where someone might practice driving for the first time.	field
name a place where someone might practice driving for the first time.	driveway
name a place where someone might practice driving for the first time.	country road
name something you might bring home with from the mardigras	beads
name something you might bring home with from the mardigras	mask
name something you might bring home with from the mardigras	pictures
name something you might bring home with from the mardigras	food
name something you might bring home with from the mardigras	hangover
name something specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet	bring an apple
name something specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet	get good grades
name something specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet	brown nose
name something specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet	do extra credit work
name something specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet	raise hand often
name something specific a student might do in oder to become the teachers pet	sit in fornt
name something that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party	candles
name something that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party	wrapping paper
name something that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party	paper plates
name something that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party	plastic cups
name something that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party	decorations
name something that a very thrifty person would re-use after a birthday party	tablecloth/napkins
name something you'd need if you were going to be a private eye.	binoculars
name something you'd need if you were going to be a private eye.	camera
name something you'd need if you were going to be a private eye.	gun
name something you'd need if you were going to be a private eye.	car
name something you'd need if you were going to be a private eye.	clients
name something you'd need if you were going to be a private eye.	pen and paper
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	ice cream
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	candy
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	pizza
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	cookies
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	hot dog
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	french fries
name something kids love to eat that adults like too	popsicle
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants. (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific)	wine
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants. (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific)	martini
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants. (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific)	champagne
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants. (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific)	tea
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants. (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific)	margaritas
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants. (alcohol is not an answer, be more specific)	bloody mary
name a job you would only do at night	night watch
name a job you would only do at night	bartender
name a job you would only do at night	entertainer
name a job you would only do at night	janitor
name a job you would only do at night	bouncer
name a piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard	score
name a piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard	runs
name a piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard	outs
name a piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard	inning
name a piece of information listed on a baseball scoreboard	teams
name a type of dance people do in a dance competition	tango
name a type of dance people do in a dance competition	salsa
name a type of dance people do in a dance competition	waltz
name a type of dance people do in a dance competition	tap
name a type of dance people do in a dance competition	break dancer
name a type of dance people do in a dance competition	swing dance
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	bar
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	highway
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	bank
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	public transit
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	shopping center
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	grocery store
name a place that gets crowded at the end of a work day.	restaurant
name something construction workers wear	hard hat
name something construction workers wear	tool belt
name something construction workers wear	boots
name something construction workers wear	orange vests
name something construction workers wear	overalls
name something people think rich folks do all day instead of working.	shop
name something people think rich folks do all day instead of working.	sleep
name something people think rich folks do all day instead of working.	play golf
name something people think rich folks do all day instead of working.	lay around
name something people think rich folks do all day instead of working.	travel
name something people think rich folks do all day instead of working.	have parties
name something you wear that might be plaid.	shirt
name something you wear that might be plaid.	shorts
name something a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home.	build a fire
name something a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home.	hike
name something a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home.	sing campfire songs
name something a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home.	sleep in a tent
name something a camper does while camping that he wouldn't do at home.	use a latrine
name something that has a lock on it	door
name something that has a lock on it	safe
name something that has a lock on it	car
name something that has a lock on it	locker
name something that has a lock on it	gate
name a party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday	pin the tail
name a party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday	twister
name a party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday	spin the bottle
name a party game that you'd be surprised to see at an adult's birthday	musical chairs
name a hidden cost when buying a car	title
name a hidden cost when buying a car	interest
name a hidden cost when buying a car	tax
name a hidden cost when buying a car	air conditioner
name a hidden cost when buying a car	stereo
name a place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner.	place of worship
name a place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner.	restaurant
name a place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner.	in law's/parnts
name a place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner.	work
name a place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner.	movie theatre
name a place where you would not want to get into an argument with your partner.	supermarket
name something that lives in a cave	bear
name something that lives in a cave	bat
name something that lives in a cave	caveman
name something that lives in a cave	lion
name a household chore you do while sitting	dusting
name a household chore you do while sitting	folding laundry
name a household chore you do while sitting	ironing
name a household chore you do while sitting	mending clothes
name a household chore you do while sitting	paying bills
name something a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised?	lose weight
name something a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised?	get rich
name something a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised?	attract a mate
name something a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised?	look younger
name something a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised?	grow hair
name something a commercial hints that will happen if you buy the product advertised?	become happier
name a culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west	chinese
name a culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west	jewish
name a culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west	islam
name a culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west	japan
name a culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west	buddhist
name a culture or religion that celebrates a different new year then the west	india
name something that both a dental office and a spa might have	chair
name something that both a dental office and a spa might have	water
name something that both a dental office and a spa might have	magazines
name something that both a dental office and a spa might have	towels
name something that both a dental office and a spa might have	waiting room
name something that both a dental office and a spa might have	music
name something you can't wear to work at an office job.	shorts
name something you can't wear to work at an office job.	jeans
name something you can't wear to work at an office job.	mini skirt
name something you can't wear to work at an office job.	bathing suit
name something you can't wear to work at an office job.	cap
name something you can't wear to work at an office job.	sneakers
name something that breaks easily without its case	glasses
name something that breaks easily without its case	cd
name something that breaks easily without its case	musical instrument
name something that breaks easily without its case	camera
name an activity that boys do in a tree house	play cards
name an activity that boys do in a tree house	comic books
name an activity that boys do in a tree house	smoke
name an activity that boys do in a tree house	talk about girls
name an activity that boys do in a tree house	eat snacks
name an instrument in an orchestra.	violin
name an instrument in an orchestra.	cello
name something you have to buy for a wedding	new clothes
name something you have to buy for a wedding	gift
name something you have to buy for a wedding	cake
name something you have to buy for a wedding	ring
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	sounding stupid
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	not being hired
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	tongue tied
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	sweating
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	appearance
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	being nervous
name the thing you most fear doing during an important job interview	forgetting name
name something that can be inconvenient to do while camping.	use bathroom
name something that can be inconvenient to do while camping.	bathe
name something that can be inconvenient to do while camping.	sleep
name something that can be inconvenient to do while camping.	cook
name something you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride	pit stop
name something you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride	smoke
name something you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride	drive
name something you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride	talk on phone
name something you can do during a car trip that you cant do during a plane ride	sing
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	mickey mouse
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	buds bunny
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	charlie brown
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	mighty mouse
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	snoopy
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	popeye
name a cartoon character thats been around forever	betty boop
name something you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now.	urinate on self
name something you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now.	urinate in bed
name something you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now.	pick nose in public
name something you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now.	cry
name something you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now.	nothing
name something you did as a 5-year-old that you'd be embarrassed to do now.	play in dirt
name a winter activity that makes you sweat.	skiing
name a winter activity that makes you sweat.	ice skating/hockey
name a winter activity that makes you sweat.	snowboarding
name a winter activity that makes you sweat.	shoveling
name a winter activity that makes you sweat.	sledding
name a winter activity that makes you sweat.	snowball fight
name something chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult	cheeks
name something chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult	legs
name something chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult	belly
name something chubby thats cute on a baby but not on an adult	butt
name something many people probably lie about in their personal ads	age
name something many people probably lie about in their personal ads	weight
name something many people probably lie about in their personal ads	appearance
name something many people probably lie about in their personal ads	money
name something that almost anyone can cook.	eggs
name something that almost anyone can cook.	toast
name something that almost anyone can cook.	pasta
name something that almost anyone can cook.	soup
name something that almost anyone can cook.	mac & cheese
name something that almost anyone can cook.	hot dogs
name something that almost anyone can cook.	pizza
name something kids love to ride on.	bicycle
name something kids love to ride on.	pony/horse
name something kids love to ride on.	carousel
name something kids love to ride on.	dads shoulders
name something kids love to ride on.	riding mower
name something kids love to ride on.	school bus
name something most people start to get by the age of 35	gray hair
name something most people start to get by the age of 35	wrinkles
name something most people start to get by the age of 35	fat
name something most people start to get by the age of 35	bald
name something you cant do while youre in the dentists chair	talking
name something you cant do while youre in the dentists chair	eat
name something you cant do while youre in the dentists chair	move
name something you cant do while youre in the dentists chair	sleep
name something you cant do while youre in the dentists chair	sing
name something you can buy at a rock concert.	t shirt
name something you can buy at a rock concert.	alcohol
name something you can buy at a rock concert.	album
name something you can buy at a rock concert.	poster
name something you can buy at a rock concert.	snacks
name something you can buy at a rock concert.	cap
name something besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks.	mugs
name something besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks.	reading material
name something besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks.	gift cards
name something besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks.	t shirt
name something besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks.	coffee maker
name something besides food and drinks that you can buy at starbucks.	music
name something toddlers carry around with them all the time.	bottle
name something toddlers carry around with them all the time.	blanket
name something toddlers carry around with them all the time.	pacifier
name something a teenager might try to get away with when their parents are out of town	throwing a party
name something a teenager might try to get away with when their parents are out of town	drink
name something a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about.	striking out
name something a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about.	fetting hurt
name something a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about.	getting hit by a ball
name something a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about.	drug testing
name something a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about.	losing a game
name something a professional baseball player might have a nightmare about.	dropping ball
name something that a man teaches his grandson to do.	fish
name something that a man teaches his grandson to do.	drive
name something that a man teaches his grandson to do.	play sports
name something that a man teaches his grandson to do.	ride a bike
name something that a man teaches his grandson to do.	hunt
name something that a man teaches his grandson to do.	read
name something an airplane has that your car doesn't.	wings
name something an airplane has that your car doesn't.	oxygen mask
name something an airplane has that your car doesn't.	pilot
name something an airplane has that your car doesn't.	jet engine
name something an airplane has that your car doesn't.	landing gear
name something an airplane has that your car doesn't.	alot more seats
name a place where you can always find a taxi	new york
name a place where you can always find a taxi	airport
name a place where you can always find a taxi	hotel
name a place where you can always find a taxi	breathe
name a place where you can always find a taxi	railway station
name something many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes)	underwear
name something many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes)	socks
name something many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes)	cologne
name something many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes)	tools
name something many women regularly buy for their husbands, but men don't buy for their wives ( more specific then clothes)	groceries
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	famous
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	business reasons
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	family connection
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	believes in keeping
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	dislikes husband's
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	too much paperwork
name a reason why a woman wouldnt change her last name after marrying	shares it with child
name something you need in order to be happy	money
name something you need in order to be happy	love
name something you need in order to be happy	family
name something you need in order to be happy	friends
name something you need in order to be happy	health
name something you need in order to be happy	food
name something a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing	swimming
name something a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing	showering
name something a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing	going to sleep
name something a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing	washing her face
name something a woman would be foolish to apply makeup before doing	aerobics
name a board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour.	monopoly
name a board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour.	life
name a board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour.	scrabble
name a board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour.	risk
name a board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour.	chess
name a board game that you wouldn't play if you only had an hour.	checkers
name something a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children	smoking
name something a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children	drinking
name something a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children	staying out late
name something a woman might want her husband to quit doing before they have children	swearing
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	lisence
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	airplane
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	radar
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	flight attendant
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	gas
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	passengers
name something commercial pilots can't fly without	uniforms
name something talk show hosts do during a commerical break.	use bathroom
name something talk show hosts do during a commerical break.	talk to audience
name something talk show hosts do during a commerical break.	drink water/coffee
name something talk show hosts do during a commerical break.	refresh makeup/hair
name a type of person who might wear goggles	swimmer
name a type of person who might wear goggles	divers
name a type of person who might wear goggles	lifeguard
name a type of person who might wear goggles	welder
name a type of person who might wear goggles	skier
name a type of person who might wear goggles	pilot
name a type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring.	easter
name a type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring.	mothers day
name a type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring.	wedding
name a type of greeting card that you see a lot of in the spring.	graduation
name something a housekeeper uses as part of her job	vacuum
name something a housekeeper uses as part of her job	broom
name something a housekeeper uses as part of her job	mop
name something a housekeeper uses as part of her job	dust cloth
name something a housekeeper uses as part of her job	cleaner
name an instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom.	bedtime
name an instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom.	before a trip
name an instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom.	before church
name an instance when parents are likely to ask their children if they need to use the bathroom.	at the movies
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	try a cigarette
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	stay out late
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	dye hair
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	run away
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	sneak out
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	talk back
name something specific a teen might do that shows theyre rebelling	tattoo
name a reason youd stay inside on a saturday	bad weather
name a reason youd stay inside on a saturday	sick
name a reason youd stay inside on a saturday	tired
name a reason youd stay inside on a saturday	watching tv
name a reason youd stay inside on a saturday	housework
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	travel
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	rekindle romance
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	downsize
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	retire
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	remodel
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	throw a party
name something that a couple often does once the kids have to move out	divorce
name something you might stay in and do on a rainy day	read
name something you might stay in and do on a rainy day	sleep
name something you might stay in and do on a rainy day	watch tv/movies
name something you might stay in and do on a rainy day	clean
name the month when tv networks start airing reruns.	june
name the month when tv networks start airing reruns.	may
name the month when tv networks start airing reruns.	july
name the month when tv networks start airing reruns.	april
name the month when tv networks start airing reruns.	october
name the month when tv networks start airing reruns.	november
name something that your spouse has accused you of "stealing."	money
name something that your spouse has accused you of "stealing."	their heart
name something that your spouse has accused you of "stealing."	left overs/dessert
name something that your spouse has accused you of "stealing."	a kiss
name something that your spouse has accused you of "stealing."	the tv remote
name something a woman might take home from her best friends wedding	bouquet
name something a woman might take home from her best friends wedding	cake
name something a woman might take home from her best friends wedding	man
name something a woman might take home from her best friends wedding	photos
name something a woman might take home from her best friends wedding	centerpiece
name something people say they'll have time to do once they've retired	travel
name something people say they'll have time to do once they've retired	get more rest
name something people say they'll have time to do once they've retired	golf
name something people say they'll have time to do once they've retired	fish
name something people say they'll have time to do once they've retired	read
name something people say they'll have time to do once they've retired	garden
name an article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move	coat
name an article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move	jeans
name an article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move	girdle
name an article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move	tights
name an article of clothing that makes you feel you can't move	snowsuit
name something youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of	beer
name something youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of	food
name something youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of	girls
name something youd be surprised to find that a frat party had none of	music
name a hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single	brad pitt
name a hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single	george clooney
name a hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single	tom cruise
name a hollywood man who would have no trouble getting dates if he were single	mel gibson
name a popular pick up line	do i know you
name a popular pick up line	hey baby
name a popular pick up line	what's your sign
name a popular pick up line	fall form heaven
name a popular pick up line	come here often
name a popular pick up line	how you doing
name something you do while waiting in line	read
name something you do while waiting in line	talk on cellphone
name something you do while waiting in line	hum/whistle
name something you do while waiting in line	think
name something you do while waiting in line	complain
name something a hitchhiker might do to get noticed.	stick thumb out
name something a hitchhiker might do to get noticed.	hold out a sign
name something a hitchhiker might do to get noticed.	wave
name something a hitchhiker might do to get noticed.	shout
name something you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken?	single?
name something you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken?	who they're with
name something you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken?	still look good
name something you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken?	still think of me
name something you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken?	have kids?
name something you wonder about an ex whom you haven't spoken?	doing well?
name an animal people set traps for.	mice
name an animal people set traps for.	bears
name an animal people set traps for.	beavers
name an animal people set traps for.	racoons
name an animal people set traps for.	rats
name an animal people set traps for.	opossums
name an animal people set traps for.	coyotes
name something that gets sewn onto clothes	buttons
name something that gets sewn onto clothes	patches
name something that gets sewn onto clothes	name
name something that gets sewn onto clothes	zipper
name something men probably lie about most	age
name something men probably lie about most	being single
name something men probably lie about most	income
name something men probably lie about most	success with women
name something men probably lie about most	job title
name something men probably lie about most	weight
name something you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull	bow/ribbon
name something you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull	sweater
name something you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull	diamond collar
name something you'd put on a poodle, but not a pitbull	tutu
name a type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see someone with a tattoo.	doctor
name a type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see someone with a tattoo.	religious leader
name a type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see someone with a tattoo.	lawyer
name a type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see someone with a tattoo.	teacher
name a type of profession where you'd be the most surprised to see someone with a tattoo.	model/actor
name something in an office that makes a lot of noise	telephones
name something in an office that makes a lot of noise	copier
name something in an office that makes a lot of noise	fax machine
name something in an office that makes a lot of noise	printer
name something in an office that makes a lot of noise	shredder
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	work
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	pay taxes
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	pay bills
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	clean
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	brush teeth
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	wipe themselves
name something grown-ups have to do that babies don't.	feed themselves
name something from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship	pictures
name something from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship	jewelry
name something from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship	their clothes
name something from your ex that you might get rid of when starting a new relationship	letters
name something form home you might miss on vacation	pet
name something form home you might miss on vacation	bed
name something form home you might miss on vacation	family
name something form home you might miss on vacation	tv
name something form home you might miss on vacation	computer
name something that you dread doing after a break-up	dating again
name something that you dread doing after a break-up	seeing your ex
name something that you dread doing after a break-up	crying/loneliness
name something that you dread doing after a break-up	sorting belongings
name something people associat with thanksgiving.	turkey
name something people associat with thanksgiving.	cranberry sauce
name something people associat with thanksgiving.	family dinner
name something people associat with thanksgiving.	pumpkin pie
name something most doctors carry with them on their rounds	stethoscope
name something most doctors carry with them on their rounds	clipboard
name something most doctors carry with them on their rounds	thermometer
name something most doctors carry with them on their rounds	gloves
name something most doctors carry with them on their rounds	pen/pencil
name something most doctors carry with them on their rounds	beeper
name something that many women wish their husbands could talk about.	romance
name something that many women wish their husbands could talk about.	his feelings
name something that many women wish their husbands could talk about.	clothes
name something that many women wish their husbands could talk about.	the marriage
name something that many women wish their husbands could talk about.	finances
name something that many women wish their husbands could talk about.	parenting
name something annoying that some dogs do when greeting you.	lick you
name something annoying that some dogs do when greeting you.	bark
name something annoying that some dogs do when greeting you.	jump on you
name something annoying that some dogs do when greeting you.	sniff you
name a prize you may win from a carnival game.	stuffed animal
name a prize you may win from a carnival game.	gold fish
name a prize you may win from a carnival game.	poster
name something youd expect to pay for at disneyland	food
name something youd expect to pay for at disneyland	admissions
name something youd expect to pay for at disneyland	souvenirs
name something youd expect to pay for at disneyland	toys
name something youd expect to pay for at disneyland	parking
name something that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar.	get drunk
name something that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar.	get in a fight
name something that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar.	get hit on
name something that's more likely to happen to you if you're hanging out at a bar.	have a cigarette
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	hod dogs
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	pudding
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	little cereal boxes
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	beer
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	soda
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	yogurt
name a food that comes in packs of six or more.	eggs
name something you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise.	splits
name something you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise.	shouting
name something you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise.	cartwheel
name something you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise.	pyramid
name something you see cheerleaders do that would look strange to see people doing otherwise.	use pom poms
name something that needs to be fed	dog
name something that needs to be fed	bird
name something that needs to be fed	children
name something that needs to be fed	people
name something that needs to be fed	fish
name something that needs to be fed	horse
name something for which you get a warranty	car
name something for which you get a warranty	tv
name something for which you get a warranty	watch
name something for which you get a warranty	computer
name something for which you get a warranty	appliance
name something you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults	sing
name something you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults	pass gass/burp
name something you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults	dance
name something you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults	play
name something you would do in front of children, but would be embarrassed to do in front of other adults	baby talk
name an actress who is or was a model	tyra banks
name an actress who is or was a model	charlize theron
name an actress who is or was a model	megan fox
name an actress who is or was a model	pamela anderson
name an actress who is or was a model	halle barry
name an actress who is or was a model	brook shields
name something you should always carry extra of when flying by plane	money
name something you should always carry extra of when flying by plane	change of clothes
name something you should always carry extra of when flying by plane	snacks
name something you should always carry extra of when flying by plane	gum
name something you should always carry extra of when flying by plane	tissue
name a place where people don't want to end up	jail
name a place where people don't want to end up	dead
name a place where people don't want to end up	hell
name a place where people don't want to end up	homeless
name a place where people don't want to end up	dumpster
name a game that has a specific type of table	pool
name a game that has a specific type of table	poker
name a game that has a specific type of table	ping pong
name a game that has a specific type of table	chess
name a game that has a specific type of table	foosball
name a game that has a specific type of table	monopoly
name a game that has a specific type of table	roulette
name a place where its always rainy	seattle
name a place where its always rainy	rainforest
name a place where its always rainy	london
name a place where its always rainy	florida everglades
name a place where its always rainy	oregon
name a part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do.	shower
name a part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do.	get out of bed
name a part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do.	exercise
name a part of your morning ritual that it's hard to get the energy to do.	make breakfast
name something a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more	comb hair over
name something a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more	wear hairpiece
name something a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more	dye different colors
name something a man with very little hair does to make it look like he has more	grow it long
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	calvin klein
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	giorgio armani
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	tommy hilfiger
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	versace
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	donna karan
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	gucci
name a clothing designer who's world famous.	ralph lauren
name a job that many celebrities had before they were famous.	food server
name a job that many celebrities had before they were famous.	model
name a job that many celebrities had before they were famous.	cook
name a job that many celebrities had before they were famous.	washing cars
name something you can't do until you're a certain age.	drink alcohol
name something you can't do until you're a certain age.	drive
name something you can't do until you're a certain age.	vote
name something you can't do until you're a certain age.	smoke
name something you can't do until you're a certain age.	gamble
name something you can't do until you're a certain age.	retire
name something people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot.	smile
name something people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot.	kiss
name something people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot.	pose
name something people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot.	hold hands
name something people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot.	dress up
name something people do in an engagement photo, that they don't do in a mug shot.	embrace
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	food
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	drink
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	hug
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	friend
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	music
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	watching tv
name something that makes you feel better when youre having a bad day	taking bath
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	tattoos
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	get body pierced
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	dye hair
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	paint face
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	shave head
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	long hair
name something a male rock star might do to make himself look more rebellious	facial hair
name something most people hate about fall	raking leaves
name something most people hate about fall	cold weather
name something most people hate about fall	allergies
name something most people hate about fall	rain
name something most people hate about fall	school starts
name something most people hate about fall	gets drink earlier
name something most people hate about fall	gets dark erlier
name something specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing	head
name something specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing	hands
name something specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing	house
name something specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing	sun
name something specific thats out of proportion in a childs drawing	belly
name something that can be stuffed.	turkey
name something that can be stuffed.	animals
name something that can be stuffed.	pillows
name something that can be stuffed.	eggs
name a book you'd like to get as a gift.	harry potter
name a book you'd like to get as a gift.	bible
name a book you'd like to get as a gift.	chronicals of narnia
name a book you'd like to get as a gift.	willy wonka
name a book you'd like to get as a gift.	lord of the rings
name a book you'd like to get as a gift.	catcher in the rye
name someone, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program	mr rogers
name someone, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program	bill cosby
name someone, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program	captain kangaroo
name someone, past or present, who is known for hosting a children's television program	barney
name something found on the bottom of a shoe.	gum
name something found on the bottom of a shoe.	sole
name something found on the bottom of a shoe.	lint
name something found on the bottom of a shoe.	taps
name something found on the bottom of a shoe.	heel
name something found on the bottom of a shoe.	dog poo
name an occasion for which people often end up overspending	christmas
name an occasion for which people often end up overspending	wedding
name an occasion for which people often end up overspending	birthday
name an occasion for which people often end up overspending	vacation
name an occasion for which people often end up overspending	shopping trip
name an occasion for which people often end up overspending	night out
name a reason why workers might go on strike	better pay
name a reason why workers might go on strike	want benefits
name a reason why workers might go on strike	no contract
name a reason why workers might go on strike	better hours
name a sign that a tornado is coming.	strong wind
name a sign that a tornado is coming.	dark sky/clouds
name a sign that a tornado is coming.	hail
name a sign that a tornado is coming.	rain
name a sign that a tornado is coming.	siren
name a sign that a tornado is coming.	thunder storm
name something people often buy in large quantities at the department store	toilet paper
name something people often buy in large quantities at the department store	socks
name something people often buy in large quantities at the department store	food
name something people often buy in large quantities at the department store	soap
name something people often buy in large quantities at the department store	soda
name a band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs	tuba
name a band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs	trumpet
name a band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs	trombone
name a band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs	saxaphone
name a band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs	flute
name a band instrument that requires a player with a good set of lungs	bagpipe
name a reason why a particular kid might be popular in school	good looking
name a reason why a particular kid might be popular in school	good athlete
name a reason why a particular kid might be popular in school	rich
name a reason why a particular kid might be popular in school	nicely dressed
name a reason why a particular kid might be popular in school	friendly
name a prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair.	gun
name a prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair.	parasol
name a prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair.	pitchfork
name a prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair.	cane
name a prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair.	fan
name a prop you may hold in an "olde time" photograph at the fair.	hat
name a reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out	jealous
name a reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out	drinking
name a reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out	no dinner
name a reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out	has to watch kids
name a reason why a man might not want his wife to have a girls night out	lonely
name something a job ad should tell you about the job.	pay
name something a job ad should tell you about the job.	title
name something a job ad should tell you about the job.	hours
name something a job ad should tell you about the job.	duties
name something a job ad should tell you about the job.	location
name a us city with very aggressive drivers	new york
name a us city with very aggressive drivers	los angeles
name a us city with very aggressive drivers	chicago
name a us city with very aggressive drivers	boston
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	family feud
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	wheel of fortune
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	price is right
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	millionaire
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	lingo
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	jeopardy
name a tv gameshow you think you have a good chance of winning	deal or no deal
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	milk
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	ice cream
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	meat
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	butter
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	cheese
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	eggs
name something a supermarket keeps refrigerated or frozen.	vegetables
name a fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy	orange
name a fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy	watermelon
name a fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy	tomato
name a fruit that's hard to eat without getting messy	peach
name a physical characteristic that aliens are said to have	wide eyes
name a physical characteristic that aliens are said to have	big head
name a physical characteristic that aliens are said to have	green skin
name a physical characteristic that aliens are said to have	antennae
name a celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy	brad pitt
name a celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy	george clooney
name a celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy	tom cruise
name a celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy	will smith
name a celebrity whos so handsome he could make a santa suit look sexy	denzel washington
name a direction you're given when having a group photo taken.	smile
name a direction you're given when having a group photo taken.	say cheese
name a direction you're given when having a group photo taken.	move left/right
name a direction you're given when having a group photo taken.	move closer
name a small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger	elevator
name a small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger	airplane
name a small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger	restroom
name a small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger	waiting room
name a small space where you feel compelled to make small talk with a stranger	train station
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	pasta
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	bread
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	hot dogs
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	rice
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	pop corn
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	beans
name a food that gets bigger when it's cooked	pancakes
name a sport that might be played at a family reunion	football
name a sport that might be played at a family reunion	baseball
name a sport that might be played at a family reunion	horseshoes
name a sport that might be played at a family reunion	frisbee
name a sport that might be played at a family reunion	basketball
name something that makes you burp.	pop
name something that makes you burp.	cucumbers
name something that makes you burp.	broccili
name something that makes you burp.	beans
name something that makes you burp.	beer
name something that makes you burp.	radishes
name someone who has to wash their hands frequently	doctor
name someone who has to wash their hands frequently	cook
name someone who has to wash their hands frequently	nurse
name someone who has to wash their hands frequently	dentist
name someone who has to wash their hands frequently	mechanic
name someone who has to wash their hands frequently	restaurant worker
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jump rope
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jumpstart
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jump up
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jumping jacks
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jump for joy
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jump the broom
name a phrase that begins with the word "jump."	jump the gun
name an actor who looks better bald	bruce willis
name an actor who looks better bald	vin diesel
name an actor who looks better bald	sean connery
name an actor who looks better bald	telly savalis
name an actor who looks better bald	brad pitt
name an actor who looks better bald	danny devito
name the electronic device that you use most in a day	cell phone
name the electronic device that you use most in a day	computer
name the electronic device that you use most in a day	tv
name the electronic device that you use most in a day	microwave
name a profession where you get to wear boots all day	construction
name a profession where you get to wear boots all day	cowboy
name a profession where you get to wear boots all day	firefighter
name a profession where you get to wear boots all day	army
name a profession where you get to wear boots all day	farmer
name a profession where you get to wear boots all day	police officer
name an age that people worry about turning	40
name an age that people worry about turning	50
name an age that people worry about turning	30
name an age that people worry about turning	60
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	firefighter
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	clown
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	farmer
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	construction
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	fisherman
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	barber
name an occupation where you might wear suspenders.	lumberjack
name something you'd never wear to work out at the gym.	high heels
name something you'd never wear to work out at the gym.	jeans
name something you'd never wear to work out at the gym.	dress/skirt
name something you'd never wear to work out at the gym.	bathing suit
name something you'd never wear to work out at the gym.	business suit
name something you'd never wear to work out at the gym.	boots
name a place in the world where people might go to get married	las vegas
name a place in the world where people might go to get married	hawaii
name a place in the world where people might go to get married	paris
name a place in the world where people might go to get married	niagra falls
name an article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron	underware
name an article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron	socks
name an article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron	jeans
name an article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron	tie
name an article of clothing that only a neatfreak would iron	nightgown
name a noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv.	doorbell
name a noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv.	dogs barking
name a noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv.	cat
name a noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv.	siren
name a noise that causes your dog to bark when he hears it on tv.	whistle
name a downside to being the youngest child in the big family.	hand me down clothes
name a downside to being the youngest child in the big family.	treated like a baby
name a downside to being the youngest child in the big family.	picked on
name a downside to being the youngest child in the big family.	no respect
name a downside to being the youngest child in the big family.	lack of attention
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	daffy duck
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	porky pig
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	elmer fudd
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	donald duck
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	bugs bunny
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	sylvester
name a cartoon character who has trouble pronouncing words	tweety bird
name something a student might turn on when they're studying.	radio
name something a student might turn on when they're studying.	light
name something a student might turn on when they're studying.	tv
name something a student might turn on when they're studying.	computer
name something a student might turn on when they're studying.	calculator
name a class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago	yoga
name a class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago	spinning
name a class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago	pilates
name a class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago	dance workout
name a class offered at gyms now that wasnt offered years ago	tae bo
name a quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse	trustworthiness
name a quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse	sense of humor
name a quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse	kindness
name a quality thats important in a friend and even more important in a spouse	good communicator
name someplace people go to help them think.	library
name someplace people go to help them think.	place of worship
name someplace people go to help them think.	parking
name someplace people go to help them think.	bedroom
name someplace people go to help them think.	bathroom
name someplace people go to help them think.	by the ocean
name something that grows quickly	weeds
name something that grows quickly	kids
name something that grows quickly	grass
name something that grows quickly	hair
name something that grows quickly	plants
name something that grows quickly	animals
name something that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday	work
name something that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday	clean
name something that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday	cook
name something that you shouldnt have to do on your birthday	play
name a book you carry around to impress someone else.	religous scripture
name a book you carry around to impress someone else.	dictionary
name a book you carry around to impress someone else.	little black book
name a book you carry around to impress someone else.	daily planner
name a book you carry around to impress someone else.	atlas
name a book you carry around to impress someone else.	diary
name something people use pins for.	clothes
name something people use pins for.	sewing
name something people use pins for.	hold papers
name something people use pins for.	hair
name something people use pins for.	diapers
name a situation in which someone might get crowned.	prom
name a situation in which someone might get crowned.	coronation
name a situation in which someone might get crowned.	beauty pageant
name a situation in which someone might get crowned.	homecoming
name a way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life	sleep all day
name a way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life	have 9 lives
name a way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life	pleny of food
name a way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life	no job
name a way that you wish your life was more like your cat's life	plenty of play time
name a place you might see a balcony	house
name a place you might see a balcony	hotel
name a place you might see a balcony	theater
name a place you might see a balcony	restaurant
name a place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches	back
name a place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches	bottom
name a place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches	foot
name a place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches	throat
name a place on your body that you cant scratch when it itches	eyes
name something that fast food rarely comes without	fries
name something that fast food rarely comes without	ketchup
name something that fast food rarely comes without	grease
name something that fast food rarely comes without	salt
name something that fast food rarely comes without	fat
name something that fast food rarely comes without	beverage
name something that fast food rarely comes without	napkins
name something cowboys are good at	riding horses
name something cowboys are good at	roping
name something cowboys are good at	rodeo
name a meal youd never serve at a fancy party	pizza
name a meal youd never serve at a fancy party	hot dog
name a meal youd never serve at a fancy party	hamburger
name a meal youd never serve at a fancy party	spaghetti
name a meal youd never serve at a fancy party	meatloaf
name a meal youd never serve at a fancy party	sloppy joe
name something you might do after your house has been robbed.	call police
name something you might do after your house has been robbed.	get an alarm
name something you might do after your house has been robbed.	move
name something you might do after your house has been robbed.	cry
name something you might do after your house has been robbed.	yell
name a grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend	play teacher/go to job
name a grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend	dress up/make up
name a grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend	go to doctor
name a grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend	cook
name a grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend	have a wedding
name a grown-up activity kids do when they're playing pretend	act like mom/dad
name an occupation where you have to be really smart	doctor
name an occupation where you have to be really smart	lawyer
name an occupation where you have to be really smart	scientist
name an occupation where you have to be really smart	engineer
name an occupation where you have to be really smart	accountant
name something youd hate to have happen while housesitting	fire
name something youd hate to have happen while housesitting	get robbed
name something youd hate to have happen while housesitting	break something
name something youd hate to have happen while housesitting	tornado
name something kids forget when leaving for school	lunch
name something kids forget when leaving for school	backpack
name a comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume.	superman
name a comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume.	captain america
name a comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume.	spider man
name a comic book hero that wears a red, white and blue costume.	wonder woman
name a pizza topping a vegetarian would never order.	sausage
name a pizza topping a vegetarian would never order.	pepperoni
name a pizza topping a vegetarian would never order.	ground beef
name a pizza topping a vegetarian would never order.	bacon
name a pizza topping a vegetarian would never order.	ham
name a pizza topping a vegetarian would never order.	chicken
name an activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life.	carol
name an activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life.	deck the halls
name an activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life.	sleigh ride
name an activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life.	roast chestnuts
name an activity that's often described in christmas songs, tho people seldom do it in real life.	walk/play in snow
name some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants	smoking
name some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants	cell phone
name some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants	kids
name some things that annoy you in public places such as restaurants	noise
name something a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump.	pray
name something a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump.	sing
name something a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump.	close eyes
name something a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump.	count
name something a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump.	talk
name something a nervous skydiver might do to distract himself before a jump.	look outside
name something you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman	water
name something you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman	fish
name something you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman	hooks
name something you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman	boats
name something you can't be afraid of if you want to become a fisherman	worms
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	jerry springer
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	cops
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	cheaters
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	the nightly news
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	america's most wanted
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	oprah winfrey
name a tv show youd never want your name mentioned on	judge judy
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	alley
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	sewer
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	new york city
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	dumpster
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	garage
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	barn
name a place where you might see a lot of rats	basement
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	make up
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	nice haircut
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	great smile
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	personality
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	clothes
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	money
name something that makes an otherwise average person seem very atrractive	alcohol
name something a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them	lie/deny it
name something a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them	go into hiding
name something a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them	apology/press conference
name something a politician does when scandalous news breaks out about them	resign
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	gas station
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	post office
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	bank
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	church
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	grocery store
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	bar
name something that even a very small town usually has one of	police station
name something that gets stripped.	paint/wall paper
name something that gets stripped.	wood/furniture
name something that gets stripped.	used/stolen car
name something that gets stripped.	bedding
name something that gets stripped.	clothes/people
name something that gets stripped.	screw
name a character famous for selling cereal.	tony the tiger
name a character famous for selling cereal.	cap'n crunch
name a character famous for selling cereal.	trix rabbit
name a character famous for selling cereal.	toucan sam
name something you might be asked to do at the doctor's office	undress
name something you might be asked to do at the doctor's office	cough
name something you might be asked to do at the doctor's office	wait
name something you might be asked to do at the doctor's office	open mouth
name something you might be asked to do at the doctor's office	bend over
name something you might be asked to do at the doctor's office	urine sample
name a place where hot dogs are often served.	sporting event
name a place where hot dogs are often served.	carnival
name a place where hot dogs are often served.	street corner
name a place where hot dogs are often served.	beach
name something a grown woman might lie about but a young girl wouldnt	age
name something a grown woman might lie about but a young girl wouldnt	weight
name something a grown woman might lie about but a young girl wouldnt	love life
name something a college student might hide before his parents came to visit	beer
name something a college student might hide before his parents came to visit	dirty clothes
name something a college student might hide before his parents came to visit	grades
name something a college student might hide before his parents came to visit	sweetheart
name something a college student might hide before his parents came to visit	cigarettes
name something a college student might hide before his parents came to visit	dirty dishes
name a famous store in new york city.	macy's
name a famous store in new york city.	saks fifth avenue
name a famous store in new york city.	bloomingdale's
name a famous store in new york city.	tiffany's
name a famous store in new york city.	fao schwartz
name a famous store in new york city.	barney's
name a popular air freshener scent	vanilla
name a popular air freshener scent	pine
name a popular air freshener scent	strawberry
name a popular air freshener scent	cinnamon
name a popular air freshener scent	lemon
name a popular air freshener scent	spice
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	shoes
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	brassiere
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	hat
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	coat
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	sweater
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	suit
name an article of clothing you cant wash in the wash machine	gown
name a "jane" you've seen on tv	jane fonda
name a "jane" you've seen on tv	jane lynch
name a "jane" you've seen on tv	jane krakowski
name a "jane" you've seen on tv	jane curtain
name a "jane" you've seen on tv	jane seymore
name a "jane" you've seen on tv	tarzan's jane
name something you see a lot of in the summer.	flowers
name something you see a lot of in the summer.	sun
name something you see a lot of in the summer.	swimming suit
name something you see a lot of in the summer.	people in shorts
name something you see a lot of in the summer.	bugs
name something you see a lot of in the summer.	kids playing
name something you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party.	hat/headband
name something you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party.	flapper dress
name something you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party.	beads
name something you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party.	wig/bob
name something you'd wear to a roaring '20s themed party.	feather/boa
name a room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house	library/study
name a room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house	game room
name a room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house	pool room
name a room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house	parlor
name a room that you'd find in a mansion, but not a regular house	home theatre
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	wood
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	saw
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	car
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	drill
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	books
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	lathe
name something you might see in a high school shop class.(tools is not an answer,be more specific)	hammer
name the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents	35
name the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents	25
name the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents	21
name the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents	18
name the age at which people stop borrowing money from their parents	never
name something people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today	hats/bonnets
name something people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today	dresses/hoop skirts
name something people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today	wigs
name something people wore more of in the 1800s than they do today	corsets
name someone other than family and friends that you would confide in	pastor
name someone other than family and friends that you would confide in	teacher
name someone other than family and friends that you would confide in	doctor
name someone other than family and friends that you would confide in	co worker
name someone other than family and friends that you would confide in	therapist
name an article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear.	shirt
name an article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear.	shoes
name an article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear.	tie
name an article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear.	sports coat
name an article of clothing a restaurant might require its customers to wear.	pants
name something you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant	lobster
name something you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant	steak
name something you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant	fish
name something you never cook at home, but order when eating at the restaurant	french fries
name something an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you.	talks too loud
name something an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you.	tap pen/pencil
name something an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you.	sings
name something an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you.	cough
name something an employee sitting in the cubicle next to you might do that annoys you.	chew gum
name something kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time.	tying their shoelaces
name something kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time.	getting dressed
name something kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time.	eating
name something kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time.	taking a bath
name something kids insist on doing by themselves even if it takes a long time.	doing their homework
name something you might climb a tree to get	cat
name something you might climb a tree to get	fruit
name something you might climb a tree to get	ball
name something you might climb a tree to get	kite
name a place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm.	closet
name a place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm.	parent's bed
name a place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm.	under their bed
name a place in the house where frightened children go during a thunderstorm.	basement
name something a woman should know a man before marrying him	income
name something a woman should know a man before marrying him	age
name something a woman should know a man before marrying him	does he have kids
name something a woman should know a man before marrying him	his name
name something a woman should know a man before marrying him	past relationships
name a place that might be dimly lit	restaurant
name a place that might be dimly lit	bar
name a place that might be dimly lit	movie theater
name a place that might be dimly lit	basement
name a place that might be dimly lit	alley
name something you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends.	rock
name something you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends.	meat
name something you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends.	club
name something you imagine cavemen gave their girlfriends.	bones
name something you do when your computer freezes up.	re boot
name something you do when your computer freezes up.	walk away
name something you do when your computer freezes up.	yell
name something you do when your computer freezes up.	curse
name a dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have	skydiving
name a dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have	hunting
name a dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have	flying
name a dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have	rock climbing
name a dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have	car racing
name a dangerous hobby you wouldn't want your partner to have	motorcycling
name something you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane	window
name something you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane	bathroom
name something you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane	exit
name something you hope to have your seat near while riding in a plane	aisle
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	bears
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	dolphins
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	lions
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	eagles
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	panthers
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	colts
name a professional football team thats named for an animal	rams
name something thats fake on wwf wrestling	blood
name something thats fake on wwf wrestling	wrestling
name something thats fake on wwf wrestling	bodies
name something thats fake on wwf wrestling	names
name something thats fake on wwf wrestling	injuries
name something thats fake on wwf wrestling	tan
name a wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of	money
name a wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of	towels
name a wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of	dishes
name a wedding gift that the bride and groom can never have too much of	eating utensils
name a job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well.	secretary
name a job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well.	data entry
name a job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well.	accountant
name a job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well.	writer
name a job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well.	court reporter
name a job you'd have a hard time doing if you couldn't type well.	programmer
name a way a student finds out it is a snow day.	radio
name a way a student finds out it is a snow day.	parents
name something in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out	lights
name something in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out	oven
name something in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out	coffeemaker
name something in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out	tv
name something in the house that you shouldnt leave on when you go out	iron
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	ear wax
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	car watch
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	beeswax
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	hot wax
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	wax museum
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	wax paper
name a word that you might see before or after the word wax	candle wax
name a dessert youd find in every cafeteria	jello
name a dessert youd find in every cafeteria	pudding
name a dessert youd find in every cafeteria	cake
name a dessert youd find in every cafeteria	pie
name a dessert youd find in every cafeteria	ice cream
name a dessert youd find in every cafeteria	brownies
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	monster
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	snake
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	rotting food
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	spider
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	rodent
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	dust
name something you would hate to find under your bed.	person
name a bad job for someone who always tells the truth.	lawyer
name a bad job for someone who always tells the truth.	used car sales
name a bad job for someone who always tells the truth.	politician
name a bad job for someone who always tells the truth.	spy
name a reason a person might wear a disguise.	halloween party
name a reason a person might wear a disguise.	robber/on the run
name a reason a person might wear a disguise.	undercover spy
name a reason a person might wear a disguise.	celebrity
name a reason a person might wear a disguise.	witness protection
name something people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor	perfume
name something people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor	deodorant
name something people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor	lotion
name something people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor	after shave
name something people use to smell good but you wouldnt use to eliminate you dogs odor	mouth wash
name something specific a rental car company checks when you return your car.	mileage
name something specific a rental car company checks when you return your car.	gas
name something specific a rental car company checks when you return your car.	if there is damage
name something specific a rental car company checks when you return your car.	if it is clean
name a country with a very long name	afghanastan
name a country with a very long name	austrailia
name a country with a very long name	switzerland
name a country with a very long name	u.s.of america
name something in your house that's been passed down for generations	furniture
name something in your house that's been passed down for generations	jewelry
name something in your house that's been passed down for generations	clock
name something in your house that's been passed down for generations	china
name something in your house that's been passed down for generations	photo
name something in your house that's been passed down for generations	clothes
name a famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to.	the osbournes
name a famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to.	brad & angelina
name a famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to.	jon & kate
name a famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to.	addams family
name a famous past or present couple who you'd hate to live next door to.	bonnie & clyde
name something you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym	change clothes
name something you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym	shower
name something you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym	pass gas
name something you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym	run
name something you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym	stretch/bend over
name something you are embarrassed to do in front of people at the gym	dance
name a specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning	steak
name a specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning	eggs
name a specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning	toast
name a specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning	chicken
name a specific food that's hard to cook well, without burning	cookies
name a way children submit their wishlists to santa.	mail
name a way children submit their wishlists to santa.	tell parents
name a way children submit their wishlists to santa.	email
name a way children submit their wishlists to santa.	tell santa
name a way children submit their wishlists to santa.	prayers
name a way children submit their wishlists to santa.	leave under the tree
name something a parent might limit their childs time using	tv
name something a parent might limit their childs time using	computer
name something a parent might limit their childs time using	video games
name something a parent might limit their childs time using	phone
name something people leave on their nightstand before going to bed.	eye glasses
name something people leave on their nightstand before going to bed.	water
name something people are often chased by in movies	monsters
name something people are often chased by in movies	police officer
name something people are often chased by in movies	killers
name something people are often chased by in movies	cars
name something people are often chased by in movies	bad guys
name something people are often chased by in movies	aliens
name something people are often chased by in movies	dogs
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	dancing
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	cooking lessons
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	computer skills
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	singing lessons
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	playing piano
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	drive a car
name something an adult might take lessons to learn how to do.	golf
name something a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing	playing outside
name something a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing	playing sports
name something a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing	swimming
name something a mom might tell her kid to shower after doing	getting out of bed
name something new parents have to agree on before their baby is born	name
name something new parents have to agree on before their baby is born	religion
name something new parents have to agree on before their baby is born	room color
name something new parents have to agree on before their baby is born	childcare
name something new parents have to agree on before their baby is born	discipline
name something in your house that can be set.	alarm/clock
name something in your house that can be set.	table
name something in your house that can be set.	tv/tivo
name something in your house that can be set.	vcr/dvd player
name the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice	vows
name the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice	kiss on command
name the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice	dance
name the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice	cut the cake
name the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice	throw bouqueu
name the part of the wedding that the bride and groom might do more out of tradition than choice	bridal song
name a street that you'll find in almost every city in america	main
name a street that you'll find in almost every city in america	elm
name a street that you'll find in almost every city in america	martin l king
name a street that you'll find in almost every city in america	maple
name a candy that comes in different colors	skittles
name a candy that comes in different colors	m&m
name a candy that comes in different colors	lifesavers
name a candy that comes in different colors	starburst
name a candy that comes in different colors	now & laters
name a candy that comes in different colors	taffy
name a candy that comes in different colors	jolly ranchers
name an excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees	slow traffic
name an excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees	wasn't feeling well
name an excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees	alarm didn't go off
name an excuse that bosses are probably tired of hearing from late employees	car trouble
name a singer of classic holiday standards.	bing crosby
name a singer of classic holiday standards.	nat king cole
name a complaint people have about shoes with laces	come untied
name a complaint people have about shoes with laces	length
name a complaint people have about shoes with laces	knots
name a complaint people have about shoes with laces	too tight
name something that people like to show off	car
name something that people like to show off	wealth
name something that people like to show off	house
name something that people like to show off	kids
name something that people like to show off	body
name something that people like to show off	new clothes
name something that people like to show off	weeding ring/ jewelry
name something adults always ask kids about school	have homework?
name something adults always ask kids about school	how are your grades?
name something adults always ask kids about school	how was your day?
name something adults always ask kids about school	what did you learn?
name something adults always ask kids about school	when is your test?
name a part of the body where people sprinkle powder.	feet
name a part of the body where people sprinkle powder.	bottom
name a part of the body where people sprinkle powder.	chest
name a part of the body where people sprinkle powder.	underarms
name a part of the body where people sprinkle powder.	back
name a part of the body where people sprinkle powder.	legs
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	place of worship
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	funeral
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	classs
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	library
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	symphany
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	morgue
name someplace you might be where it would be inappropriate to laugh out loud.	court
name a reason you might be less productive then usual at work	tired
name a reason you might be less productive then usual at work	sick
name a reason you might be less productive then usual at work	hung over
name a reason you might be less productive then usual at work	stressed
name a reason you might be less productive then usual at work	computer trouble
name an activity kids do at day camp.	swim
name an activity kids do at day camp.	hiking
name something stressful that couples do together	argue/counseling
name something stressful that couples do together	manage money
name something stressful that couples do together	raise kids
name something stressful that couples do together	plan a wedding
name something stressful that couples do together	buy a house
name something a home might have to make it energy efficient	solar panels
name something a home might have to make it energy efficient	good insulation
name something a home might have to make it energy efficient	efficient bilbs
name something a home might have to make it energy efficient	new windows
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth."	mouth wash
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth."	mouth off
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth."	mouth to mouth
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth."	mouthful
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "mouth."	mouthguard/piece
name something a school might forbid students from wearing.	hat
name something a school might forbid students from wearing.	shorts
name something a school might forbid students from wearing.	mini skirt
name something a school might forbid students from wearing.	tank top
name something a school might forbid students from wearing.	jewelry
name something a school might forbid students from wearing.	make up
name something that can be spoiled.	milk
name something that can be spoiled.	food
name something that can be spoiled.	kids
name something that can be spoiled.	a surprise
name an activity people do on christmas eve	sing carols
name an activity people do on christmas eve	go to church
name an activity people do on christmas eve	party
name an activity people do on christmas eve	eat
name an activity people do on christmas eve	trim the tree
name an activity people do on christmas eve	visit family
name an activity people do on christmas eve	wrap presents
name a type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do.	cart wheel
name a type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do.	somersault
name a type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do.	tumbling
name a type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do.	flip
name a type of gymnastic move almost every kid knows how to do.	balance beam
name a book that students keep on hand for reference.	dictionary
name a book that students keep on hand for reference.	encyclopedia
name a book that students keep on hand for reference.	thesaurus
name a book that students keep on hand for reference.	atlas
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	house
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	sesame
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	door
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	minded
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	book
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	season
name a phrase that begins with the word "open"	bar
name something the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler	gain a lot of weight
name something the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler	train
name something the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler	work out
name something the average person might have to do if they wanted to be a sumo wrestler	visit japan
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	pirates
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	treasure
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	parrot
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	pirate flag
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	sword
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	plank
name something youd expect to find on a pirates ship	rum
name a weather term that can also describe your wife.	hot
name a weather term that can also describe your wife.	stormy/violent
name a weather term that can also describe your wife.	cold/frigid
name a weather term that can also describe your wife.	sunny
name a weather term that can also describe your wife.	gloomy
name a weather term that can also describe your wife.	icy
name an airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us	united
name an airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us	american
name an airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us	southwest
name an airline you can fly almost anywhere in the us	delta
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	caps
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	baseball
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	t shirts
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	free tickets
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	baseball cards
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	stickers
name something they give away free to attract fans at a baseball game	autographs
name something you try to prevent from getting flat.	tire
name something you try to prevent from getting flat.	hair
name something you try to prevent from getting flat.	soda
name something you try to prevent from getting flat.	beer
name a person who youd never trust to set you up on a blind date	mother
name a person who youd never trust to set you up on a blind date	sibling
name a person who youd never trust to set you up on a blind date	ex
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	computer
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	money
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	book
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	car
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	bike
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	phone
name something that college students get stolen from them on campus	ipod
name something you do at work although you know youre not supposed to	use cell phone
name something you do at work although you know youre not supposed to	take naps
name something you do at work although you know youre not supposed to	surf the internet
name something you do at work although you know youre not supposed to	smoke
name something you do at work although you know youre not supposed to	chat online
name something everyone knows about the dog "lassie."	collie
name something everyone knows about the dog "lassie."	rescues people
name something everyone knows about the dog "lassie."	smart
name something everyone knows about the dog "lassie."	always comes home
name something everyone knows about the dog "lassie."	owned by timmy
name something everyone knows about the dog "lassie."	girl dog
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	telemarketers
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	in laws
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	bill collectors
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	mother
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	girlfriend
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	crank callers
name someone you wish wouldn't call so often	boyfriend
name something that would cause you to quit your job on your first day	rude boss
name something that would cause you to quit your job on your first day	too stressfull
name something that would cause you to quit your job on your first day	bad pay
name something that would cause you to quit your job on your first day	long hours/schedule
name something that would cause you to quit your job on your first day	dangerous
name something a president probably has with him everywhere he goes?	secret service
name something a president probably has with him everywhere he goes?	cell phone
name something a president probably has with him everywhere he goes?	money
name something a president probably has with him everywhere he goes?	first lady
name something a president probably has with him everywhere he goes?	assistant
name something cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers	running
name something cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers	tap dancing
name something cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers	walking
name something cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers	mopping
name something cinderella would have a hard time doing in her glass slippers	jumping
name something a cowboy wears that's made of leather.	chaps
name something a cowboy wears that's made of leather.	boots
name something a cowboy wears that's made of leather.	gloves
name something a cowboy wears that's made of leather.	belt
name something a cowboy wears that's made of leather.	vest
name something a cowboy wears that's made of leather.	jacket
name something you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do.	fly
name something you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do.	fight
name something you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do.	apprehend bad guys
name something you'd be surprised to find that a superhero couldn't do.	lift heavy weight
name something a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class	fake sick
name something a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class	get injured
name something a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class	doctor's note
name something a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class	skip class
name something a kid might do to get out of participating in gym class	forget gym clothes
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	smoke
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	drink alcohol
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	swear
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	eat
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	drive
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	work
name something you wouldnt want your children to do as you do	gossip
name a person or character who is referred to as "lady."	lady gaga
name a person or character who is referred to as "lady."	royalty/princess diana
name a person or character who is referred to as "lady."	first lady
name a person or character who is referred to as "lady."	dog/lady and the tramp
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	bite
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	move a lot
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	scream
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	not brushing
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	talk
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	spit
name something a patient might do that would make a dentist complain	close mouth
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	bottle of wine
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	candles
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	whipped cream
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	strawberries
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	champagne
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	oysters
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning a romantic dinner	flowers
name something that people believe will tell you a lot about a person	eyes
name something that people believe will tell you a lot about a person	clothes
name something that people believe will tell you a lot about a person	hands
name something that people believe will tell you a lot about a person	smile
name something that people believe will tell you a lot about a person	horoscope sign
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	water
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	manure
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	tree
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	mud
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	cactus
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	rocks
name something you'd hate to land in after skydiving.	sand
name something people serve with biscuits.	gravy
name something people serve with biscuits.	butter
name something people serve with biscuits.	mashed potatoes
name something people serve with biscuits.	jelly
name something people serve with biscuits.	honey
name an animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides.	cat
name an animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides.	dog
name an animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides.	cow
name an animal that walks on 4 legs, but can't give rides.	pig
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	discount
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	convenience store
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	grocery store
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	drugstore
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	gas station
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	department store
name a store thats always open even on christmas day	toy store
name a chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business	wal mart
name a chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business	starbucks
name a chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business	home depot
name a chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business	mcdonald's
name a chain store that's put a lot of mom and pop stores out of business	barnes & noble
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	poke eyes
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	slap
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	laugh
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	kick
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	bite
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	head butt
name something the three stooges do while fighting that youd be surprised to see a pro boxer do	funny noises
name something you use to bake a pumpkin pie	pumpkin
name something you use to bake a pumpkin pie	oven
name something you use to bake a pumpkin pie	pie pan
name something you use to bake a pumpkin pie	spices
name something you use to bake a pumpkin pie	evaporated milk
name a food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year	stuffing
name a food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year	cranberry sauce
name a food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year	pumpkin pie
name a food you eat at thanksgiving, but not during the rest of the year	yams
name an article of clothing that most people have 10 of.	pairs of shoes
name an article of clothing that most people have 10 of.	pairs of socks
name an article of clothing that most people have 10 of.	shirts
name someone kids write letters to.	santa
name someone kids write letters to.	parents
name someone kids write letters to.	grandparents
name someone kids write letters to.	friends
name someone kids write letters to.	pen pal
name someone kids write letters to.	president
name something specific thats fun to get in the mail	paycheck/money
name something specific thats fun to get in the mail	postcard
name something specific thats fun to get in the mail	package/gift
name something specific thats fun to get in the mail	magazine
name something specific thats fun to get in the mail	letter
name something specific thats fun to get in the mail	coupons
name something that might make you throw up.	food poisoning
name something that might make you throw up.	drinking
name something that might make you throw up.	somebody vomits
name something that might make you throw up.	flu
name something that might make you throw up.	medicine
name something that might make you throw up.	roller coaster
name something a person with extra long arms would be good at	sports
name something a person with extra long arms would be good at	reaching
name something a person with extra long arms would be good at	hugging
name something a person with extra long arms would be good at	rock climbing
name something a person with extra long arms would be good at	paint ceilings
name something a person with extra long arms would be good at	change lightbulbs
name something a celebrity might go on a talk show to promote.	movie
name something a celebrity might go on a talk show to promote.	album
name something a celebrity might go on a talk show to promote.	book
name a popular elvis presley movie	jailhouse rock
name a popular elvis presley movie	viva las vegas
name a popular elvis presley movie	blue hawaii
name a popular elvis presley movie	love me tender
name a popular elvis presley movie	girls girls girls
name a popular elvis presley movie	king creole
name the hardest position to play on a baseball team	pitcher
name the hardest position to play on a baseball team	catcher
name the hardest position to play on a baseball team	shortstop
name the hardest position to play on a baseball team	first base
name a movie involving an elephant.	dumbo
name a movie involving an elephant.	the jungle book
name something you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel.	cook
name something you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel.	clean
name something you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel.	smoke inside
name something you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel.	play loud music
name something you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel.	walk around naked
name something you do at home, but not while staying in a hotel.	laundry
name a famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real.	tasmanian devil
name a famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real.	mickey mouse
name a famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real.	bugs bunny
name a famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real.	pepe le pew
name a famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real.	road runner
name a famous cartoon animal that you wouldn't want in your house if it was real.	wile e coyote
name a place where everyone seems to be in a good mood.	place of worship
name a place where everyone seems to be in a good mood.	bar
name a place where everyone seems to be in a good mood.	amusement park
name a place where everyone seems to be in a good mood.	party
name a place where everyone seems to be in a good mood.	beach
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	elton john
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	liberace
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	prince
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	elvis
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	boy george
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	dennis rodman
name a male performer past or present known for wearing outrageous clothing	michael jackson
name a sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway	bell
name a sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway	talking
name a sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway	yelling
name a sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway	laughing
name a sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway	ingrown toenail
name a sound you hear a lot of in a high school hallway	cell phones
name something your husband would like to get rid of.	ball & chain
name something your husband would like to get rid of.	extra pounds
name something your husband would like to get rid of.	debt
name something your husband would like to get rid of.	pets
name a place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date	movie theatre
name a place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date	dance
name a place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date	wedding
name a place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date	restaurant
name a place where many people would feel uncomfortable going without a date	bar
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	weight
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	affairs
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	dating history
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	spending
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	real age
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	passwords
name something you should always keep secret even from your partner	diary
name a subject you count on your partner to give you advice on.	money
name a subject you count on your partner to give you advice on.	work
name a subject you count on your partner to give you advice on.	romance
name a subject you count on your partner to give you advice on.	fashion
name a subject you count on your partner to give you advice on.	parenting
name a subject you count on your partner to give you advice on.	relationships
name something that gets knocked over when its really windy.	trees
name something that gets knocked over when its really windy.	trash can
name something that gets knocked over when its really windy.	plants
name something that gets knocked over when its really windy.	swing set
name something that gets knocked over when its really windy.	umbrella
name something that gets knocked over when its really windy.	chairs
name a mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date.	music
name a mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date.	candles
name a mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date.	lighting
name a mood-setter in your home that you pay more attention to if you are trying to impress a date.	food
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	clean it
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	season it
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	cut it
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	kill it
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	pluck it
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	skin it
name something you do to a chicken before you cook it	stuff it
name a comic strip you see in almost every newspaper.	peanuts
name a comic strip you see in almost every newspaper.	doonsbury
name a comic strip you see in almost every newspaper.	garfield
name a comic strip you see in almost every newspaper.	blondie
name a comic strip you see in almost every newspaper.	boondocks
name a comic strip you see in almost every newspaper.	beetle bailey
name a musical instrument that is soothing.	violin
name a musical instrument that is soothing.	flute
name a musical instrument that is soothing.	harp
name a musical instrument that is soothing.	piano
name a musical instrument that is soothing.	saxophone4guitar
name a musical instrument that is soothing.	guitar
name something a cat would probably do if it felt threatened	hiss
name something a cat would probably do if it felt threatened	scratch
name something a cat would probably do if it felt threatened	run
name something a cat would probably do if it felt threatened	jump
name something a cat would probably do if it felt threatened	attack
name something a cat would probably do if it felt threatened	arch it's back
name something you would need to eat a steak.	knife
name something you would need to eat a steak.	fork
name something you would need to eat a steak.	teeth
name something you would need to eat a steak.	steak sauce
name a punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school.	detention
name a punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school.	stand in corner
name a punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school.	suspension
name a punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school.	write lines
name a punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school.	principal's office
name a punishment that a misbehaving kid might get at school.	no recess
name a sauce you put on meat.	a1 sauce
name a sauce you put on meat.	teriyaki
name a sauce you put on meat.	bbq sauce
name a sauce you put on meat.	soy sauce
name a sauce you put on meat.	tobasco
name a sauce you put on meat.	ketchup
name something in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument.	pots and pans
name something in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument.	spoons
name something in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument.	glasses
name something in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument.	wire whisk
name something in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument.	broom
name something in your kitchen that you'd use as a musical instrument.	blender
name something that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip.	pee outside
name something that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip.	sleep anywhere
name something that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip.	catch food
name something that dogs are always able to do that people can only do on a camping trip.	make lots of noise
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	rich
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	wealthy
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	millionaire
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	loaded
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	filthy rich
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	high roller
name a term youd use for someone who has a lot of money	billionaire
name someone specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity	parents
name someone specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity	spouse
name someone specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity	parole officer
name someone specific in a bank robber's life that he doesn't want to find out about his illegal activity	children
name a specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise.	vacuumming
name a specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise.	dishes
name a specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise.	laundry
name a specific chore that you cannot do without making a lot of noise.	mowing lawn
name a reason why a child you dont know might come to your door	selling cookies
name a reason why a child you dont know might come to your door	lost
name a reason why a child you dont know might come to your door	trick or treat
name a reason why a child you dont know might come to your door	newspaper
name a comedian whose nose is larger than his talent.	jay leno
name a comedian whose nose is larger than his talent.	jerry seinfeld
name a comedian whose nose is larger than his talent.	steve martin
name a comedian whose nose is larger than his talent.	jimmy darante
name a comedian whose nose is larger than his talent.	bob hope
name a comedian whose nose is larger than his talent.	adam sandler
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	talking
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	making promises
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	shaking hands
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	smiling
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	kissing babies
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	insulting opponent
name something you see a candidate doing in tv campaign commercials	waving
name an image that might appear on christmas wrapping paper.	santa
name an image that might appear on christmas wrapping paper.	tree
name an image that might appear on christmas wrapping paper.	snowman
name something you buy that has a clock in it.	car
name something you buy that has a clock in it.	cell phone
name something you would see at every college football game.	cheerleaders
name something you would see at every college football game.	players
name something kids bring home from school.	homework
name something kids bring home from school.	report card
name something china is famous for.	great wall
name something china is famous for.	food/rice
name something china is famous for.	2008 olympics
name something china is famous for.	ping-pong
name something china is famous for.	tea
name something china is famous for.	electronics
name something china is famous for.	giant pandas
name a movie where the plot had more twists and turns than a corkscrew	pulp fiction
name a movie where the plot had more twists and turns than a corkscrew	matrix
name a movie where the plot had more twists and turns than a corkscrew	the sixth sense
name someone who might knock on your hotel room door.	housekeeping
name someone who might knock on your hotel room door.	bellman
name something most people only have one of.	car
name something most people only have one of.	house
name something most people only have one of.	spouse
name something most people only have one of.	pet
name something most people only have one of.	refrigerator
name something women do at least twice as much as men.	shop
name something women do at least twice as much as men.	bathe
name something women do at least twice as much as men.	complain
name something women do at least twice as much as men.	get hair done
name something women do at least twice as much as men.	clean house
name a word or phrase which includes the word "basket."	basketball
name a word or phrase which includes the word "basket."	basket case
name a famous country western singer living or dead	garth brooks
name a famous country western singer living or dead	kenny rogers
name the least offensive sport if you forget your deodorant	golf
name the least offensive sport if you forget your deodorant	bowling
name something people cut.	hair
name something people cut.	meat
name a gift children create at school and give their parents.	cards
name a gift children create at school and give their parents.	ornament
name something people throw away every day.	garbage
name something people throw away every day.	paper
name an animal you'd see at sea world	whale
name an animal you'd see at sea world	seal
name an occupation that attracts ambitious people.	lawyer
name an occupation that attracts ambitious people.	politics
name an occupation that attracts ambitious people.	sales
name an occupation that attracts ambitious people.	doctor
name an occupation that attracts ambitious people.	computers
name an occupation that attracts ambitious people.	stockbroker
name something you would need to dress up like santa.	red suit
name something you would need to dress up like santa.	beard
name something you would need to dress up like santa.	hat
name the best type of cheese to put on a cheeseburger.	american
name the best type of cheese to put on a cheeseburger.	swiss
name the best type of cheese to put on a cheeseburger.	cheddar
name something every tight rope walker needs to do their job.	pole
name something every tight rope walker needs to do their job.	rope
name something you'd see in the back seat of a car that would tell you they have children	car seat
name something you'd see in the back seat of a car that would tell you they have children	toys
name a food they serve at the circus.	cotton candy
name a food they serve at the circus.	popcorn
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	vacuum cleaner
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	appliance
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	drill
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	cookware
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	cook
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	exercise bike
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	mop
name a gift a man would give his wife that she might consider an insult.	gym membership
name a mischievous animal.	cat
name a mischievous animal.	monkey
name a mischievous animal.	dog
name a mischievous animal.	mouse
name a mischievous animal.	meerkat
name an illness that kids give to each other.	chicken pox
name an illness that kids give to each other.	flu
name the worst holiday to be born on.	christmas
name the worst holiday to be born on.	new years
name something a man might do at a bar that he'd probably get in trouble for doing at work	drink
name something a man might do at a bar that he'd probably get in trouble for doing at work	flirting
name something people look forward to all year long.	christmas
name something people look forward to all year long.	birthday
name something a professional does for you that you can never do the same way yourself.	style hair
name something a professional does for you that you can never do the same way yourself.	cook
name something a vegetarian might put on a sandwich.	lettuce
name something a vegetarian might put on a sandwich.	tomato
name something you'll probably find in most mansions.	butler
name something you'll probably find in most mansions.	chandelier
name something people do while driving even though they know they should not.	phone
name something people do while driving even though they know they should not.	eat
name a reason why a kid might be moved to the front of the class	bad behavior
name a reason why a kid might be moved to the front of the class	smart
name something a model does to make sure she looks just right for her big photo.	fix hair
name something a model does to make sure she looks just right for her big photo.	makeup
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	exercise machine
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	cookware
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	cleaning products
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	tai-bo
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	foreman grill
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	weight loss products
name a product that is sold on "infomercials".	vacuum cleaners
name a state that attracts a lot of tourists	florida
name a state that attracts a lot of tourists	hawaii
name a state that attracts a lot of tourists	nevada
name something about the holidays that is a source of stress.	shopping
name something about the holidays that is a source of stress.	family in town
name something about the holidays that is a source of stress.	travel
name something you'd need if you wanted to be a lawyer	degree
name something you'd need if you wanted to be a lawyer	briefcase
name a gift you might bring back with you from mexico.	sombrero
name a gift you might bring back with you from mexico.	pinata
name something you'd hate to forget if you were going camping	tent
name something you'd hate to forget if you were going camping	legs
name something that might annoy a gardener.	bugs
name something that might annoy a gardener.	weeds
name something that might annoy a gardener.	dogs
name a food you do not have to chew to swallow.	jello
name a food you do not have to chew to swallow.	soup
name a food people often eat with champagne	strawberries
name a food people often eat with champagne	caviar
name someone famous who used to play for the new york yankees.	babe ruth
name someone famous who used to play for the new york yankees.	mickey mantle
name a country that's known for a brand of car	germany
name a country that's known for a brand of car	usa
name something dogs fetch.	bone
name something dogs fetch.	frisbee
name a movie with more action than dialogue.	terminator
name a movie with more action than dialogue.	die hard
name a movie with more action than dialogue.	rambo
name the oldest thing in your parents house.	parents
name the oldest thing in your parents house.	clock
name something you can't wait to do at a party.	send us your answers!
name something you can't wait to do at a party.	dance
name something that has holes in it.	colander
name something that has holes in it.	swiss cheese
name a place where it's always sunny.	california
name a place where it's always sunny.	florida
name a place where it's always sunny.	hawaii
name something that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better.	go shopping
name something that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better.	listen to music
name something that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better.	eat
name something that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better.	drink alcohol
name something that you do when you're blue that makes you feel better.	cry
name a recording artist parents might consider to be a bad influence.	send us your answers!
name a recording artist parents might consider to be a bad influence.	miley cyrus
name a recording artist parents might consider to be a bad influence.	justin beiber
name something a department store has to do to prepare for the holiday season.	decorate
name something a department store has to do to prepare for the holiday season.	hire people
name something your parents still give you.	money
name something your parents still give you.	advice
name something your parents still give you.	gifts
name something birds have that humans don't.	wings
name something birds have that humans don't.	send us your answers!
name a present a girl might ask for that most parents would never give.	car
name a present a girl might ask for that most parents would never give.	pony
name someone who's is famous for playing the trumpet.	louis armstrong
name someone who's is famous for playing the trumpet.	dizzy gallespie
name something you do, on average, once a week.	shop
name something you do, on average, once a week.	do laundry
name something you do, on average, once a week.	go to church
name something you do, on average, once a week.	exercise/run
name something you do, on average, once a week.	clean house
name a celebrity who is often or always known by only one name.	madonna
name a celebrity who is often or always known by only one name.	cher
name a state where it snows.	colorado
name a state where it snows.	alaska
name a state where it snows.	michigan
name something you might take with you when walking your dog.	leash
name something you might take with you when walking your dog.	pooper scooper
name something people use to kill unwanted insects.	send us your answers!
name something people use to kill unwanted insects.	pesticide
name something people use to kill unwanted insects.	newspaper
name something that can blow a fuse.	lights
name something that can blow a fuse.	air conditioner
name something that can blow a fuse.	hair dryer
name something that can blow a fuse.	person
name something that can blow a fuse.	fuse box
name something an 8-year-old might bring with them when they stay over at grandma's house.	stuffed animal
name something an 8-year-old might bring with them when they stay over at grandma's house.	sleeping bag
name someone for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift.	in-laws
name someone for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift.	parents
name someone for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift.	boss
name someone for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift.	siblings
name someone for whom you feel forced to buy a christmas gift.	co-workers
name a type of fish people order at fine restaurants.	salmon
name a type of fish people order at fine restaurants.	swordfish
name something a woman might put in her hair.	barrette
name something a woman might put in her hair.	hair spray
name something a woman might put in her hair.	comb
name something a woman might put in her hair.	rollers
name something a woman might put in her hair.	bobby pin
name something a woman might put in her hair.	flowers
name something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	computer
name something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	dvd player
name something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	car
name something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	tools
name something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	video games
name something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	can opener
name something a church couldn't do without	pastor
name something a church couldn't do without	bibles
name something a church couldn't do without	pews
name something people wear for protection:	goggles
name something people wear for protection:	helmet
name something people wear for protection:	raincoat
name something people wear for protection:	gloves
name something demi moore has more experience in than aston kutcher	child rearing
name something demi moore has more experience in than aston kutcher	acting
name something you own that causes you aggravation.	car
name something you own that causes you aggravation.	pet
name something you have that you wish worked better.	car
name something you have that you wish worked better.	computer
name something you have that you wish worked better.	tv/remote
name something you have that you wish worked better.	my body
name something you have that you wish worked better.	washer
name something you have that you wish worked better.	cell phone/phone
name an actress who should gain a few pounds.	calista flockhart
name an actress who should gain a few pounds.	sally field
name a public place you might sing out loud with other people	place of worship
name a public place you might sing out loud with other people	school
name something you might find in a kid's room.	send us your answers!
name something you might find in a kid's room.	toys
name something everyone tries to get out of.	jury duty
name something everyone tries to get out of.	work
name something everyone tries to get out of.	housework/chores
name something everyone tries to get out of.	trouble
name something everyone tries to get out of.	a lie
name the first food people learn how to cook.	eggs
name the first food people learn how to cook.	mac and cheese
name something that people post flyers for.	parties
name something that people post flyers for.	garage sale
name something that people post flyers for.	lost pet
name something that people post flyers for.	concerts
name something that people post flyers for.	help wanted
name something that people post flyers for.	missing person
name something you might see on a brochure advertising a trip to new york city	statue of liberty
name something you might see on a brochure advertising a trip to new york city	empire state building
name a tv program you can learn the most from.	jeopardy
name a tv program you can learn the most from.	the news
name a tv program you can learn the most from.	sesame street
name a tv program you can learn the most from.	60 minutes
name something you put on your head.	hat
name something you put on your head.	send us your answers!
name a sign that the person you're talking to is drunk.	cant stand up
name a sign that the person you're talking to is drunk.	slurring
name a real-life situation where people might spontaneously break into song.	send us your answers!
name a real-life situation where people might spontaneously break into song.	birthday
name an animal people are afraid of.	bear
name an animal people are afraid of.	shark
name a good gift for someone who just graduated from college.	car
name a good gift for someone who just graduated from college.	money
name something that is rubbed when it hurts.	head
name something that is rubbed when it hurts.	back
name something that is rubbed when it hurts.	muscle
name something that is rubbed when it hurts.	foot
name something that is rubbed when it hurts.	bruise
name something that is rubbed when it hurts.	neck
name a specific item an auto part store sells a lot of.	oil
name a specific item an auto part store sells a lot of.	batteries
name something you might see in a dark alley.	kitty cat
name something you might see in a dark alley.	trash can
name something you might see in a dark alley.	bum
name a place where people keep loose change.	pockets
name a place where people keep loose change.	jar
name a special day when a man is very proud of his wife.	birth of child
name a special day when a man is very proud of his wife.	anniversary
name a special day when a man is very proud of his wife.	wedding day
name something people hold onto because they say it is lucky.	rabbit's foot
name something people hold onto because they say it is lucky.	four-leaf clover
name something people hold onto because they say it is lucky.	penny
name something people hold onto because they say it is lucky.	dollar bill
name something people hold onto because they say it is lucky.	horse hoe
name the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day.	sleep/nap
name the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day.	read
name the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day.	watch tv/movie
name the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day.	go to mall
name the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day.	make love
name the first thing you think of doing on a rainy day.	housework
name a gift kids hate to get.	clothes
name a gift kids hate to get.	socks
name a gift kids hate to get.	books
name a gift kids hate to get.	school supplies
name a gift kids hate to get.	a bath
name a gift kids hate to get.	pajamas
name a gift kids hate to get.	coal
name something you're never too old to have your mom do for you.	cook a meal
name something you're never too old to have your mom do for you.	kiss you
name something you're never too old to have your mom do for you.	cookies
name something you're never too old to have your mom do for you.	love you
name something you're never too old to have your mom do for you.	laundry
name something you're never too old to have your mom do for you.	brush my hair
name something you might put in a box marked fragile.	glasses
name something you might put in a box marked fragile.	vases
name something you might put in a box marked fragile.	jewelry
name something you might put in a box marked fragile.	chinaware
name something you might put in a box marked fragile.	bottles
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	airplane
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	bus
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	ferris wheel
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	roller coaster
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	boat/ship
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	train/subway
name something you'd hate to be on when it breaks down.	elevator
name a popular word to describe your spouse.	honey
name a popular word to describe your spouse.	loving
name a popular word to describe your spouse.	hubby
name a popular word to describe your spouse.	wife
name a popular word to describe your spouse.	babe
name a popular word to describe your spouse.	handsome
name something in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of.	toothbrush
name something in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of.	towel
name something in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of.	razor
name something in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of.	sink
name something in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of.	soap
name something in the bathroom that husbands and wives have separate ones of.	deodorant
name something about their jobs that teachers hate.	kids
name something about their jobs that teachers hate.	grading
name something about their jobs that teachers hate.	behavior
name something about their jobs that teachers hate.	money
name something about their jobs that teachers hate.	parents
name a place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time.	car/taxi
name a place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time.	subway/train
name a place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time.	at home
name a place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time.	bus
name a place babies have been born when mom can't make it to the hospital in time.	elevator
name a type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later.	automechanic
name a type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later.	dry cleaner
name a type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later.	photos
name a type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later.	copy place
name a type of business where you might drop something off and pick it up later.	storage
name the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept.	floor
name the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept.	car
name the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept.	hotel bed
name the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept.	barracks
name the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept.	tent
name the most uncomfortable place you've ever slept.	couch
name something that your neighbor has that you're jealous of.	car
name something that your neighbor has that you're jealous of.	lawn
name something that your neighbor has that you're jealous of.	pool
name something that your neighbor has that you're jealous of.	nothing
name something that your neighbor has that you're jealous of.	money
name something that your neighbor has that you're jealous of.	dog
name an animal that's really good at digging.	dog
name an animal that's really good at digging.	mole
name an animal that's really good at digging.	groundhog
name an animal that's really good at digging.	squirrel
name something people seem to love more than people.	pets/animals
name something people seem to love more than people.	money
name something people seem to love more than people.	food/chocolate
name something people seem to love more than people.	cars
name something people seem to love more than people.	sports
name something you might bring on a romantic picnic.	wine
name something you might bring on a romantic picnic.	flower
name something you might bring on a romantic picnic.	strawberries
name something you might bring on a romantic picnic.	blankets
name a reason people don't like living next door to an airport.	noise
name a reason people don't like living next door to an airport.	people
name a reason people don't like living next door to an airport.	airplanes
name a reason people don't like living next door to an airport.	traffic
name the lumpiest part of your body.	belly
name the lumpiest part of your body.	rump
name the lumpiest part of your body.	thigh
name the lumpiest part of your body.	chest
name the lumpiest part of your body.	arms
name the lumpiest part of your body.	hips
name something the janet jackson doll does.	it sings
name something the janet jackson doll does.	wardr'b malfunctn
name something the janet jackson doll does.	it dances
name something the janet jackson doll does.	it talks softly
name a food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing.	pizza
name a food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing.	hamburger
name a food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing.	steak
name a food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing.	ice cream
name a food that kids want their own of even if they can't finish the whole thing.	hot dog
name someone in america that may be more powerful than oprah.	barack obama
name someone in america that may be more powerful than oprah.	bill gates
name someone in america that may be more powerful than oprah.	donald trump
name someone in america that may be more powerful than oprah.	angelina jolie
name someone in america that may be more powerful than oprah.	hillary clinton
name someone in america that may be more powerful than oprah.	michelle obama
name something you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly.	bathroom
name something you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly.	house
name something you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly.	kitchen
name something you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly.	floor
name something you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly.	living room
name something you hope is clean when company drops in unexpectedly.	clothes
name a drink you might stir.	coffee
name a drink you might stir.	tea
name a drink you might stir.	martini
name a drink you might stir.	chocolate milk
name a drink you might stir.	kool-aid
name a drink you might stir.	tang
name something you have with chips.	dip
name something you have with chips.	sauce
name something you have with chips.	gravy
name something you have with chips.	fish
name something you have with chips.	steak
name something you have with chips.	salt
name the most romantic place to get married.	beach
name the most romantic place to get married.	hawaii
name the most romantic place to get married.	paris
name the most romantic place to get married.	church
name a wood that's used for making furniture.	oak
name a wood that's used for making furniture.	pine
name a wood that's used for making furniture.	cherry
name a wood that's used for making furniture.	maple
name a wood that's used for making furniture.	cedar
name a wood that's used for making furniture.	mahogany
name something you might do at a gym.	use the treadmill
name something you might do at a gym.	exercise
name something you might do at a gym.	lift weights
name a flavor you'd find in any ice cream shop.	vanilla
name a flavor you'd find in any ice cream shop.	chocolate
name someone people get nervous in front of.	police
name someone people get nervous in front of.	boss
name someone people get nervous in front of.	audience
name someone people get nervous in front of.	minister
name someone people get nervous in front of.	judge
name something that might be found in a summer salad.	tomatoes
name something that might be found in a summer salad.	strawberries
name something that might be found in a summer salad.	lettuce
name something that might be found in a summer salad.	watermelons
name something that might be found in a summer salad.	cucumbers
name something that might be found in a summer salad.	apples
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	kids
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	wallet
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	money
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	mobile phone
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	keys
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	camera
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	passport
name something that you keep an especially close eye on during a trip because you're afraid of losing it.	luggage
name something a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies.	his boots
name something a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies.	his gun
name something a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies.	his hat
name something a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies.	his horse
name something a real cowboy might like to be buried with when he dies.	his spurs
name an animal that is scary to hold.	snake
name an animal that is scary to hold.	spider
name an animal that is scary to hold.	porcupine
name an animal that is scary to hold.	echidna
name an animal that is scary to hold.	koala
name an animal that is scary to hold.	ferret
name something that spins.	spinning top
name something that spins.	washing machine
name something that spins.	earth
name something that spins.	dryer
name something that spins.	wheels
name something people yell at that cannot yell back.	animals
name something people yell at that cannot yell back.	tv
name something people yell at that cannot yell back.	television
name something people yell at that cannot yell back.	babies
name an animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space.	elephant
name an animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space.	giraffe
name an animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space.	cow
name an animal on noah's ark that took up a lot of space.	hippoptamus
name something people are afraid to ride on.	roller coaster
name something people are afraid to ride on.	airplane
name something people are afraid to ride on.	horse
name something people are afraid to ride on.	motorcycle
name something people are afraid to ride on.	ferris wheel
name something people are afraid to ride on.	bull
name someone who is known for their cookies.	mrs fields
name someone who is known for their cookies.	betty crocker
name someone who is known for their cookies.	famous amos
name someone who is known for their cookies.	grandma
name someone who is known for their cookies.	keebler
name someone who is known for their cookies.	pillsbury
name somewhere people are where they say: "i gotta get out of this place."	work
name somewhere people are where they say: "i gotta get out of this place."	bar
name somewhere people are where they say: "i gotta get out of this place."	hospital
name somewhere people are where they say: "i gotta get out of this place."	mall
name somewhere people are where they say: "i gotta get out of this place."	church
name somewhere people are where they say: "i gotta get out of this place."	jail
name a fruit people eat with cheese.	grapes
name a fruit people eat with cheese.	apples
name a fruit people eat with cheese.	strawberries
name a fruit people eat with cheese.	pears
name a piece of technology that people hate, but need.	computer/internet
name a piece of technology that people hate, but need.	cell phone
name something a parent tells their kids they should care more about.	school
name something a parent tells their kids they should care more about.	money
name something a parent tells their kids they should care more about.	hygeine
name something a parent tells their kids they should care more about.	appearance
name something a parent tells their kids they should care more about.	health
name something a parent tells their kids they should care more about.	family
name a talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying.	oprah
name a talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying.	maury povich
name a talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying.	dr. phil
name a talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying.	jerry springer
name a talk show where at least one of the guests always ends up crying.	montel williams
name something specific that gets brushed.	hair
name something specific that gets brushed.	teeth
name something specific that gets brushed.	dog
name something specific that gets brushed.	cat
name something you could ask during a job interview.	lying
name something you could ask during a job interview.	bad attitude
name something you could ask during a job interview.	phone rings
name something you could ask during a job interview.	being late
name something you could ask during a job interview.	inappropriate attire
name something people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming.	food
name something people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming.	water
name something people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming.	flashlight
name something people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming.	children
name something people take with them to the basement when a tornado is coming.	radio
name a quality that is important in a spouse.	trustworthy
name a quality that is important in a spouse.	loyalty
name a quality that is important in a spouse.	loving
name a quality that is important in a spouse.	personality
name a quality that is important in a spouse.	respectful
name something shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into.	car
name something shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into.	shoes
name something shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into.	clothes
name something shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into.	shower
name something shaquille o'neal has a hard time fitting into.	bed
name a common new year's resolution.	lose wight
name a common new year's resolution.	learn instrument
name a common new year's resolution.	learn language
name a common new year's resolution.	quit smoking
name a common new year's resolution.	new career
name something that comes in small, medium, and large.	clothes
name something that comes in small, medium, and large.	drinks
name something that comes in small, medium, and large.	people
name something that comes in small, medium, and large.	fries
name something you buy frequently.	food
name something you buy frequently.	toilet paper
name something you buy frequently.	milk
name something you buy frequently.	gasoline
name something inconsiderate people do at the supermarket.	cut in line
name something inconsiderate people do at the supermarket.	open/eat food
name something inconsiderate people do at the supermarket.	bang into cart
name something inconsiderate people do at the supermarket.	leave cart
name something inconsiderate people do at the supermarket.	handle food
name something people turn off before they go to bed	lights
name something people turn off before they go to bed	tv
name a reason why people might honk their horn at you.	driving slow
name a reason why people might honk their horn at you.	green light
name a reason why people might honk their horn at you.	cut them off
name a reason why people might honk their horn at you.	saying hello
name a reason why people might honk their horn at you.	in the road
name something tacky pirates wear.	eyepatch
name something tacky pirates wear.	hat
name something tacky pirates wear.	bandana
name something tacky pirates wear.	boots
name something tacky pirates wear.	pegleg
name something you might see if you were in the amazon forest.	trees
name something you might see if you were in the amazon forest.	snakes
name something you might see if you were in the amazon forest.	flowers
name something you might see if you were in the amazon forest.	monkey
name something you might see if you were in the amazon forest.	exotic birds
name something you might see if you were in the amazon forest.	alligators
name something you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain.	house
name something you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain.	car
name something you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain.	pool
name something you own that requires a good deal of money to maintain.	boat
name a food you can deep fry.	potatoes
name a food you can deep fry.	chicken
name a food you can deep fry.	fish
name a food you can deep fry.	turkey
name a food you can deep fry.	cheese
name a food you can deep fry.	pickles
name a part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve.	nose
name a part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve.	chest
name a part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve.	face
name a part of your body that plastic surgery could possibly improve.	abdomen
name something that smells like smoke when you come home from the bar.	clothes
name something that smells like smoke when you come home from the bar.	hair
name something specific that people grind.	teeth
name something specific that people grind.	coffee
name something specific that people grind.	pepper
name something specific that people grind.	meat
name something you double-check before you go to bed.	doors are locked
name something you double-check before you go to bed.	alarm clock
name something you double-check before you go to bed.	lights off
name something you double-check before you go to bed.	stove
name a place where you might see someone cry.	cemetary
name a place where you might see someone cry.	wedding
name a place where you might see someone cry.	church
name a place where you might see someone cry.	hospital
name a place where you might see someone cry.	movies
name a part of the body that's spelt with four letters.	head
name a part of the body that's spelt with four letters.	hand
name a part of the body that's spelt with four letters.	nose
name a part of the body that's spelt with four letters.	foot
name a part of the body that's spelt with four letters.	neck
name a part of the body that's spelt with four letters.	back
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	pager
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	radio
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	axe
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	helmet
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	fire suit
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	boots
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	water
name something a fireman keeps with him at all times.	badge
name something that seems to make babies very happy.	bottle
name something that seems to make babies very happy.	attention
name something that seems to make babies very happy.	their moms
name something that seems to make babies very happy.	lots of loving
name something that seems to make babies very happy.	rattle
name something that seems to make babies very happy.	smiling faces
name something a house can be infested with.	roaches
name something a house can be infested with.	termites
name something a house can be infested with.	bedbugs
name something a house can be infested with.	mice
name something a house can be infested with.	ants
name a place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you.	movies
name a place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you.	bus
name a place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you.	restaurant
name a place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you.	airplane
name a place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you.	church
name a place where you're sometimes bothered by the person behind you.	office
name an activity that might leave you with a sunburn.	swimming
name an activity that might leave you with a sunburn.	tanning
name an activity that might leave you with a sunburn.	volleyball
name an activity that might leave you with a sunburn.	yard work
name an activity that might leave you with a sunburn.	boating
name a fruit that has a peel.	clementine
name a fruit that has a peel.	oranges
name a fruit that has a peel.	banana
name a fruit that has a peel.	plantain
name a fruit that has a peel.	apples
name a fruit that has a peel.	peach
name a fruit that has a peel.	kiwi
name a major u.s. city whose mayor has major headaches.	new york
name a major u.s. city whose mayor has major headaches.	new orleans
name a major u.s. city whose mayor has major headaches.	washington dc
name a major u.s. city whose mayor has major headaches.	chicago
name a major u.s. city whose mayor has major headaches.	detroit
name a major u.s. city whose mayor has major headaches.	san francisco
name a food that's good with almonds.	chocolate
name a food that's good with almonds.	ice cream
name a food that's good with almonds.	salad
name a food that's good with almonds.	cookies
name a food that's good with almonds.	cereal/oatmeal
name a food that's good with almonds.	fruit/tail mix
name something a dog might have in its mouth.	bone
name something a dog might have in its mouth.	ball
name something a dog might have in its mouth.	teeth
name something a dog might have in its mouth.	tongue
name something a dog might have in its mouth.	mailman
name a way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest.	look away
name a way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest.	not answering
name a way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest.	yawn
name a way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest.	fodgety
name a way you can tell the person you're talking to is losing interest.	fall asleep
name something a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him.	car
name something a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him.	clothes/shoes
name something a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him.	video game
name something a teenage boy wants his parents to buy for him.	computer
name something people hate getting sand in.	shoes
name something people hate getting sand in.	swimsuit
name something people hate getting sand in.	hair
name something people hate getting sand in.	eyes
name something people hate getting sand in.	buttocks
name something people hate getting sand in.	shorts
name something people hate getting sand in.	underwear
name a long running tv show.	friends
name a long running tv show.	simpsons
name a long running tv show.	m.a.s.h.
name a long running tv show.	law and order
name a long running tv show.	cosby show
name a long running tv show.	family feud
name something both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents.	lie
name something both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents.	swear
name something both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents.	talk back
name something both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents.	drink
name something both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents.	smoke
name something both adults and kids do to get into trouble with their parents.	steal
name a downside to getting a tattoo.	permanent
name a downside to getting a tattoo.	painful
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	tv/remote
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	bathroom
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	toys
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	dinner/dessert
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	computer
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	bed/covers
name something that siblings accuse one another of "hogging."	parents' attention
name something a kid might have to do to earn their allowance.	wash dishes
name something a kid might have to do to earn their allowance.	mow lawn
name something a kid might have to do to earn their allowance.	clean bedroom
name something a kid might have to do to earn their allowance.	take out garbage
name something a kid might have to do to earn their allowance.	care for pets
name something a cowboy might wear.	cowboy hat
name something a cowboy might wear.	cowboy boots
name something a cowboy might wear.	chaps
name something a cowboy might wear.	spurs
name a food that is crunchy.	cereal
name a food that is crunchy.	chips
name a food that is crunchy.	nuts
name a food that is crunchy.	crunchie bar
name a food that is crunchy.	celery
name a food that is crunchy.	apple
name something you'd love to win a lifetime supply of.	money
name something you'd love to win a lifetime supply of.	gasoline
name something you'd love to win a lifetime supply of.	food
name something you'd love to win a lifetime supply of.	clothes
name a u.s. state with a lot of beaches.	florida
name a u.s. state with a lot of beaches.	california
name a u.s. state with a lot of beaches.	hawaii
name a u.s. state with a lot of beaches.	south carolina
name a u.s. state with a lot of beaches.	texas
name something a school girl wears.	uniform
name something a school girl wears.	skirt
name something a school girl wears.	dress
name something a school girl wears.	ribbons
name something a school girl wears.	tunic
name something a school girl wears.	hat
name a school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do.	math
name a school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do.	science
name a school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do.	gym
name a school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do.	history
name a school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do.	reading
name a school subject most parents couldn't help their kid do.	computers
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	car
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	house
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	hair
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	face
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	body
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	clothing
name something of yours that costs a lot of money to keep looking good:	yard
name something people hate about public restrooms.	dirty
name something people hate about public restrooms.	smells
name something people hate about public restrooms.	no toilet paper
name something people hate about public restrooms.	no soap
name something people hate about public restrooms.	small
name something people hate about public restrooms.	no paper towels
name something people put on pasta.	pasta sauce
name something people put on pasta.	cheese
name something people put on pasta.	meatballs
name something people put on pasta.	chicken
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	scream
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	cry
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	faint
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	go wee-wee
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	sweat
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	shake
name a reaction someone might have if they got really scared.	hair stands up
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	dress
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	bridesmaids
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	flowers
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	in-laws
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	reception
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	cost
name something about his wedding that a prospective groom has no say in at all.	invitations
name a way to make bathing a sexy experience.	bring a friend
name a way to make bathing a sexy experience.	bubbles/bath oil
name a way to make bathing a sexy experience.	light candles
name a way to make bathing a sexy experience.	rose petals
name a way to make bathing a sexy experience.	drink wine
name a way to make bathing a sexy experience.	eat fruit
name something angry wives throw at their husbands.	plates
name something angry wives throw at their husbands.	insults
name something angry wives throw at their husbands.	pots
name something angry wives throw at their husbands.	shoes
name something angry wives throw at their husbands.	food
name something angry wives throw at their husbands.	vases
name a service people cancel when they move.	phone
name a service people cancel when they move.	electricity
name a service people cancel when they move.	cable
name a service people cancel when they move.	newspaper
name a service people cancel when they move.	mail
name a mistake a pizza chef might make the first day on the job.	burn pizza
name a mistake a pizza chef might make the first day on the job.	wrong topping
name something people look for at the beach.	seashells
name something people look for at the beach.	water
name something people look for at the beach.	sand
name something people look for at the beach.	sharks
name something people look for at the beach.	shade
name something people look for at the beach.	lifeguard
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	scream
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	faint
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	kiss him
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	cry
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	ask for an autograph
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	smile
name something a teenage girl might do if she met leonardo dicaprio in person.	giggle a lot
name something you eat with a spoon.	soup
name something you eat with a spoon.	cereal
name something you eat with a spoon.	ice cream
name something you eat with a spoon.	mashed potatoes
name something a person might do in a talent contest.	sing
name something a person might do in a talent contest.	dance
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	snakes
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	skunks
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	rats
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	spiders
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	alligators
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	mosquitoes
name an animal people wish didn't exist.	roaches
name something people have a hard time holding onto.	money
name something people have a hard time holding onto.	relationships
name something people have a hard time holding onto.	jobs
name something people have a hard time holding onto.	animals
name a reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man.	money
name a reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man.	she loves him
name a reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man.	security
name a reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man.	has all his atte..
name a reason a beautiful woman marries an unattractive man.	personality
name something that siblings compete over.	regard
name something that siblings compete over.	notice
name something that siblings compete over.	parents
name something that siblings compete over.	mom
name something that siblings compete over.	awareness
name something that siblings compete over.	grades
name something that siblings compete over.	attention
name something that siblings compete over.	dad
name something that siblings compete over.	figurines
name something that siblings compete over.	playthings
name something that siblings compete over.	duckies
name something that siblings compete over.	dolls
name something that siblings compete over.	tv
name something that siblings compete over.	toys
name something that siblings compete over.	stuffed animals
name something that siblings compete over.	rubber duckies
name something that siblings compete over.	sports
name something that siblings compete over.	soccer
name something that siblings compete over.	track
name something that siblings compete over.	television
name something that siblings compete over.	games
name something that siblings compete over.	matches
name something that siblings compete over.	hockey
name something that siblings compete over.	baseball
name something that siblings compete over.	basketball
name something that siblings compete over.	field
name something that siblings compete over.	athletics
name something that siblings compete over.	football
name something that siblings compete over.	golf
name something that siblings compete over.	competitions
name something that siblings compete over.	schools
name something that siblings compete over.	academics
name something that siblings compete over.	marks
name something that siblings compete over.	boob tube
name something that siblings compete over.	tube
name something that siblings compete over.	on television
name something that siblings compete over.	bucks
name something that siblings compete over.	cash
name something that siblings compete over.	riches
name something that siblings compete over.	currency
name something that siblings compete over.	wealth
name something that siblings compete over.	money
name something that siblings compete over.	coinage
name an insect that really bugs you.	mosquito
name an insect that really bugs you.	roach
name an insect that really bugs you.	fly
name an insect that really bugs you.	spider
name an insect that really bugs you.	ant
name an insect that really bugs you.	bee
name a fruit that can fit in your mouth whole.	grapes
name a fruit that can fit in your mouth whole.	strawberries
name a fruit that can fit in your mouth whole.	cherries
name a fruit that can fit in your mouth whole.	blueberries
name a fruit that can fit in your mouth whole.	plums
name something that would be a good gift for a pirate.	gold
name something that would be a good gift for a pirate.	alcohol
name something that would be a good gift for a pirate.	sword
name something that would be a good gift for a pirate.	eyepatch
name something that would be a good gift for a pirate.	parrot
name a city that has hosted the winter olympic games.	vancouver
name a city that has hosted the winter olympic games.	calgary
name a city that has hosted the winter olympic games.	sochi
name a city that has hosted the winter olympic games.	salt lake city
name a city that has hosted the winter olympic games.	turin
name something that's described as running.	water
name something that's described as running.	person/jogger
name something that's described as running.	nose
name something that's described as running.	car/truck
name a body part that gets wrinkled.	fingers
name a body part that gets wrinkled.	eyes
name a body part that gets wrinkled.	foreheads
name a body part that gets wrinkled.	noses
name a body part that gets wrinkled.	neck
name something you shouldn't do in front of the queen.	curse
name something you shouldn't do in front of the queen.	fart
name something you shouldn't do in front of the queen.	burp
name something you shouldn't do in front of the queen.	pick your nose
name something you shouldn't do in front of the queen.	laugh
name something you shouldn't do in front of the queen.	smoke
name something women use to hold their hair in place:	ribbons
name something women use to hold their hair in place:	rubber bands
name something women use to hold their hair in place:	scarves
name something women use to hold their hair in place:	bobby pins
name a place where people like to read the morning newspaper.	kitchen table
name a place where people like to read the morning newspaper.	bathroom
name a place where people like to read the morning newspaper.	train/subway
name a place where people like to read the morning newspaper.	coffee shop
name a sport with rowdy spectators:	football
name a sport with rowdy spectators:	hockey
name a sport with rowdy spectators:	soccer
name a sport with rowdy spectators:	wrestling
name a sport with rowdy spectators:	rodeo
name something you might spread.	butter
name something you might spread.	jam
name something you might spread.	peanut butter
name something you might spread.	germs
name something you might spread.	the flu
name a kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole.	shark
name a kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole.	whale
name a kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole.	tuna
name a kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole.	salmon
name a kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole.	catfish
name a kind of fish that would be impossible to swallow whole.	swordfish
name a quality you admire in others.	honesty
name a quality you admire in others.	humor
name a quality you admire in others.	patience
name a quality you admire in others.	compassionate
name a quality you admire in others.	confidence
name a quality you admire in others.	hard working
name a quality you admire in others.	intelligence
name a quality you admire in others.	joyous
name a french food.	croissants
name a french food.	escargot
name a french food.	crepes
name a french food.	creme brulee
name a french food.	baguette
name a famous video game character.	super mario
name a famous video game character.	sonic
name a famous video game character.	lara croft
name a famous video game character.	luigi
name a famous video game character.	pac-man
name something you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon.	kiss
name something you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon.	breastfeeding
name something you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon.	fart
name something you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon.	belch
name something you think is okay to do in public, but others frown upon.	pee
name a food that is easy to eat while driving.	french fries
name a food that is easy to eat while driving.	hambugers
name a food that is easy to eat while driving.	chips
name a food that is easy to eat while driving.	candy bar
name a food that is easy to eat while driving.	sandwiches
name a food that is easy to eat while driving.	hot dog
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	walking
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	driving
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	bathroom
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	eating
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	paying bills
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	dressing
name something most parents can't wait until their child starts doing on his or her own.	laundry
name something people put their fingers in their mouths to do.	pick teeth
name something people put their fingers in their mouths to do.	floss
name something people put their fingers in their mouths to do.	bite nails
name something people put their fingers in their mouths to do.	suck fingers
name something people put their fingers in their mouths to do.	whistle
name something people put their fingers in their mouths to do.	eat
name something you would need to wash a pet elephant.	hose
name something you would need to wash a pet elephant.	broom
name something you would need to wash a pet elephant.	ladder
name something you would need to wash a pet elephant.	brush
name something you would need to wash a pet elephant.	water
name something you would need to wash a pet elephant.	sponge
name a place you go where you turn your cell phone off.	church
name a place you go where you turn your cell phone off.	movie
name a place you go where you turn your cell phone off.	hospital
name a place you go where you turn your cell phone off.	home
name a place you go where you turn your cell phone off.	court
name a place you go where you turn your cell phone off.	airplane
name something that people often do before they go on a job interview.	dress up
name something that people often do before they go on a job interview.	shower
name something that people often do before they go on a job interview.	shave
name something that people often do before they go on a job interview.	update resume
name something that people often do before they go on a job interview.	practice
name something that is usually painted red.	fire truck
name something that is usually painted red.	firetruck
name something that is usually painted red.	stop sign
name something that is usually painted red.	sign
name something that is usually painted red.	automobiles
name something that is usually painted red.	vans
name something that is usually painted red.	trucks
name something that is usually painted red.	suvs
name something that is usually painted red.	vehicles
name something that is usually painted red.	cars
name something that is usually painted red.	curb
name something that is usually painted red.	fire hydrant
name something that is usually painted red.	hydrant
name something you might see in a baby's room.	crib
name something you might see in a baby's room.	diapers
name something you might see in a baby's room.	teddy bears
name something you might see in a baby's room.	changing table
name something you might see in a baby's room.	mobile
name a perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours.	no gas
name a perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours.	good exercise
name a perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours.	no flat/easy to fix
name a perk of driving fred flintstone's car instead of yours.	no a/c necessary
name an excuse kids use for not doing their homework.	dog ate it
name an excuse kids use for not doing their homework.	forgot
name an excuse kids use for not doing their homework.	illness
name an excuse kids use for not doing their homework.	tired
name an excuse kids use for not doing their homework.	left at school
name an event that you might want to capture on video.	wedding
name an event that you might want to capture on video.	birthdays
name an event that you might want to capture on video.	birth
name an event that you might want to capture on video.	sporting
name an event that you might want to capture on video.	olympics
name something you might find in your car's glovebox.	registration
name something you might find in your car's glovebox.	insurance card
name something you might find in your car's glovebox.	owner's manual
name something you might find in your car's glovebox.	map
name something you might find in your car's glovebox.	flashlight
name something a biker dude would look silly riding.	tricycle
name something a biker dude would look silly riding.	bicycle
name something a biker dude would look silly riding.	scooter
name something a biker dude would look silly riding.	horse
name something a biker dude would look silly riding.	skateboard
name something that gives off heat:	sun
name something that gives off heat:	stove
name something that gives off heat:	fire
name something that gives off heat:	radiator
name something that gives off heat:	heater
name something that gives off heat:	car motor
name a reason first class is better than coach class.	more room
name a reason first class is better than coach class.	free drinks
name a reason first class is better than coach class.	large seat
name something you loved to sit on when you were a small child:	someone's lap
name something you loved to sit on when you were a small child:	rocking chair
name something you loved to sit on when you were a small child:	floor
name something you loved to sit on when you were a small child:	swing
name something you loved to sit on when you were a small child:	rocking horse
name a sport a little kid might play.	little league
name a sport a little kid might play.	football
name a sport a little kid might play.	tennis
name a sport a little kid might play.	hockey
name a bird people don't usually eat.	pigeon
name a bird people don't usually eat.	crows
name a bird people don't usually eat.	eagle
name a bird people don't usually eat.	parrot
name a bird people don't usually eat.	penguins
name an aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time.	produce
name an aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time.	meat
name an aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time.	frozen foods
name an aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time.	magazines
name an aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time.	dairy products
name an aisle in the supermarket where you spend a lot of time.	cereal
name something you would not want to see at the beach	rain
name something you would not want to see at the beach	nudity
name something you would not want to see at the beach	garbage
name something you would not want to see at the beach	sharks
name something you hate about your morning commute.	traffic
name something you hate about your morning commute.	it's length
name something you hate about your morning commute.	driving
name something you hate about your morning commute.	waking up
name something you hate about your morning commute.	bad weather
name something that breaks easily.	glass
name something that breaks easily.	eggs
name something that breaks easily.	heart
name something that breaks easily.	potato chips
name something that breaks easily.	twigs
name something people don't like to see come to an end.	movie/tv
name something people don't like to see come to an end.	marriage/love
name something people don't like to see come to an end.	life
name something people don't like to see come to an end.	good book/story
name something people don't like to see come to an end.	the world
name something people don't like to see come to an end.	party
name something that gets pumped up.	tire
name something that gets pumped up.	balloon
name something that gets pumped up.	ball
name something that gets pumped up.	muscles
name an astrological sign.	scorpio
name an astrological sign.	sagittarius
name an astrological sign.	pisces
name an astrological sign.	capricorn
name someone you might boss around.	parents
name someone you might boss around.	spouses
name someone you might boss around.	boss
name someone you might boss around.	sibling
name someone you might boss around.	coach
name something you refill.	prescription
name something you refill.	bottle
name something you refill.	gas tank
name something you refill.	soda
name something you refill.	cup of coffee
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	apartment
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	rent
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	mortgage
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	waterworks
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	hydro
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	electricity
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	heat
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	power
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	running water
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	utilities
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	pooches
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	mutts
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	puppies
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	kittens
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	animals
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	pets
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	hamsters
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	guinea pigs
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	gerbils
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	felines
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	canines
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	cats
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	dogs
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	deposits
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	tenancy
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	contract
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	of lease
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	length of lease
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	cockroaches
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	beetles
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	termites
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	flies
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	spiders
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	bees
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	roaches
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	bugs
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	mites
name something you might ask a landlord before renting an apartment.	insects
name a place where women dress sexy.	night club/bar
name a place where women dress sexy.	bedroom
name a place where women dress sexy.	beach
name a place where women dress sexy.	party/wedding
name something you might wear in the summer but in the winter.	swimsuit
name something you might wear in the summer but in the winter.	shorts
name something you might wear in the summer but in the winter.	sandals
name something you might wear in the summer but in the winter.	tank tops
name something they sell at concerts that are too expensive.	shirts
name something they sell at concerts that are too expensive.	food
name something they sell at concerts that are too expensive.	alcohol
name something they sell at concerts that are too expensive.	tickets
name something they sell at concerts that are too expensive.	cds
name something people all over the world might travel to see.	olympics
name something people all over the world might travel to see.	superbowl
name something people all over the world might travel to see.	world cup
name something people all over the world might travel to see.	the ball drop
name something people all over the world might travel to see.	mardi gras
name an animal we eat that would never eat us.	cow
name an animal we eat that would never eat us.	chicken
name an animal we eat that would never eat us.	pig
name an animal we eat that would never eat us.	rabbit
name an animal we eat that would never eat us.	sheep
name an animal we eat that would never eat us.	deer
name a glamorous department store.	macy's
name a glamorous department store.	saks fifth avenue
name a glamorous department store.	bloomingdale's
name a glamorous department store.	lord & taylor
name a glamorous department store.	neiman marcus
name a glamorous department store.	nordstrom
name something you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific).	trees
name something you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific).	snake
name something you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific).	monkey
name something you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific).	alligator
name something you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific).	panther
name something you might see in the amazon (aminal is not an answer, be specific).	jungle
name something people put money in.	bank account
name something people put money in.	wallet
name something people put money in.	jar
name something people put money in.	stocks
name something that can be classed as being 'vintage'.	car
name something that can be classed as being 'vintage'.	wine
name something that can be classed as being 'vintage'.	clothing
name something that can be classed as being 'vintage'.	cheese
name something that can be classed as being 'vintage'.	grandparents
name something women leave lipstick marks on.	shirts
name something women leave lipstick marks on.	napkins
name something women leave lipstick marks on.	glasses
name something women leave lipstick marks on.	cheeks
name something women leave lipstick marks on.	mirrors
name something a child might take to school for show-and-tell.	pet
name something a child might take to school for show-and-tell.	toys
name something a child might take to school for show-and-tell.	photo
name something a child might take to school for show-and-tell.	book
name something a child might take to school for show-and-tell.	shell
name something you think some people do way too fast.	drive
name something you think some people do way too fast.	eat
name something you think some people do way too fast.	speak
name something you think some people do way too fast.	get married
name a movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop.	dirty harry
name a movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop.	good..bad..ugly
name a movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop.	unforgiven
name a movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop.	fistfull of dollars
name a movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop.	bronco billy
name a movie where clint eastwood was either a cowboy or a cop.	hang 'em high
name something people have no control over.	aging
name something people have no control over.	gravity
name something people have no control over.	the weather
name something people have no control over.	lottery
name your favorite flavor of cambell's soup.	chicken noodle
name your favorite flavor of cambell's soup.	tomato
name your favorite flavor of cambell's soup.	beef
name your favorite flavor of cambell's soup.	chicken and rice
name your favorite flavor of cambell's soup.	cream of mushroom
name your favorite flavor of cambell's soup.	vegetable
name something your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house.	dirty
name something your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house.	food
name something your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house.	nothing
name something your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house.	everything
name something your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house.	parenting skills
name something your mother-in-law complains about when she visits your house.	pets
name something that gets handed down from generation to generation.	jewelry
name something that gets handed down from generation to generation.	bible
name something that gets handed down from generation to generation.	clothes
name something that gets handed down from generation to generation.	furniture
name something that gets handed down from generation to generation.	photo
name something that gets handed down from generation to generation.	property
name something that has an antenna.	television
name something that has an antenna.	tube
name something that has an antenna.	on television
name something that has an antenna.	tv
name something that has an antenna.	boob tube
name something that has an antenna.	boombox
name something that has an antenna.	speaker
name something that has an antenna.	stereo
name something that has an antenna.	sub woofer
name something that has an antenna.	ghetto blaster
name something that has an antenna.	radio
name something that has an antenna.	jalopy
name something that has an antenna.	vehicle
name something that has an antenna.	truck
name something that has an antenna.	car
name something that has an antenna.	van
name something that has an antenna.	telephone
name something that has an antenna.	phone
name something that has an antenna.	mobile
name something that has an antenna.	cell phone
name something that has an antenna.	roaches
name something that has an antenna.	bees
name something that has an antenna.	bugs
name something that has an antenna.	cockroaches
name something that has an antenna.	termites
name something that has an antenna.	flies
name something that has an antenna.	insects
name something that has an antenna.	mites
name something that has an antenna.	spiders
name something that has an antenna.	beetles
name something people buy to help them sleep better.	sleeping pill/med
name something people buy to help them sleep better.	good mattress
name something people buy to help them sleep better.	herbal tea
name something people buy to help them sleep better.	pillow
name something people buy to help them sleep better.	alcohol
name a place people go when they're troubled.	church
name a place people go when they're troubled.	psychiatrist
name a place people go when they're troubled.	family
name a place people go when they're troubled.	their bedroom
name something you might see at the dentist.	drill
name something you might see at the dentist.	toothbrush
name something you might see at the dentist.	dentist
name something you might see at the dentist.	teeth
name something you might see at the dentist.	dentist chair
name something a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary.	second honeymoon
name something a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary.	fancy dinner
name something a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary.	big party
name something a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary.	diamond
name something a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary.	wine
name something a coupld might spend money on for their fiftieth anniversary.	renew vows
name a way of removing hair.	shave
name a way of removing hair.	wax
name a way of removing hair.	laser
name a way of removing hair.	hair removal cream
name something you find on a cricket ground.	pitch
name something you find on a cricket ground.	grass
name something you find on a cricket ground.	stumps
name something you find on a cricket ground.	players
name something you find on a cricket ground.	ball
name something you find on a cricket ground.	bat
name something a person cannot legally do without a license.	drive
name something a person cannot legally do without a license.	marriage
name something a person cannot legally do without a license.	hunt
name something a person cannot legally do without a license.	fish
name something a person cannot legally do without a license.	practice medicine
name something a person cannot legally do without a license.	cut hair
name something a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date.	outfit
name something a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date.	makeup
name something a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date.	purse
name something a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date.	keys
name something a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date.	cell phone
name something a younger sister might hide if she didn't want her older sister to go out on a date.	perfume
name a character from the south park series.	kenny mccormick
name a character from the south park series.	eric cartman
name a character from the south park series.	chef
name a character from the south park series.	timmy burch
name a character from the south park series.	stan marsh
name a character from the south park series.	butters
name a tv show about police.	nypd blue
name a tv show about police.	cops
name a tv show about police.	csi
name something people worry about.	money
name something people worry about.	paying bills
name something people worry about.	children
name something people worry about.	taxes
name something people worry about.	work
name something people practice in a mirror.	singing
name something people practice in a mirror.	dancing
name something people practice in a mirror.	speaking
name something people practice in a mirror.	smiling
name something people practice in a mirror.	modeling
name something people practice in a mirror.	greeting
name something people practice in a mirror.	kissing
name something people practice in a mirror.	flexing
name something you would trade for fame and fortune.	job
name something you would trade for fame and fortune.	nothing
name something you would trade for fame and fortune.	love
name something you would trade for fame and fortune.	family
name something you would trade for fame and fortune.	house
name something you would trade for fame and fortune.	health
name something kids like to do on saturdays.	cartoons
name something kids like to do on saturdays.	movies
name something kids like to do on saturdays.	park
name something kids like to do on saturdays.	toys
name something kids like to do on saturdays.	swimming
name something kids like to do on saturdays.	sleepovers
name a common tool you might find in a garage.	hammer
name a common tool you might find in a garage.	wrench
name a common tool you might find in a garage.	screwdriver
name a common tool you might find in a garage.	lawn mower
name a common tool you might find in a garage.	rake
name a common tool you might find in a garage.	saw
name something people remove glasses to do.	clean them
name something people remove glasses to do.	sleep
name something people remove glasses to do.	wash face/shower
name something people remove glasses to do.	read
name something people remove glasses to do.	rub/wipe eyes
name something people remove glasses to do.	play sports
name something people remove glasses to do.	kiss
name something people remove glasses to do.	watch television
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	post office
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	store
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	bank
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	hospital
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	dry cleaners
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	airport
name a place in front of which people double park for a minute:	school
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	shampoo
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	soap
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	water
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	brush
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	gloves
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	towel
name something you need when you give your dog a bath.	tub
name an occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use.	model
name an occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use.	actor
name an occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use.	lawyer
name an occupation in which a man can put his good looks to use.	salesman
name a sport that needs ice.	hockey
name a sport that needs ice.	figure skating
name a sport that needs ice.	curling
name a sport that needs ice.	bobsled
name a sport that needs ice.	luge
name something that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail.	dog
name something that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail.	bad weather
name something that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail.	carrying packages
name something that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail.	nobody home
name something that makes it harder for a mailman to deliver the mail.	locked fence
name the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most.	ring
name the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most.	child
name the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most.	vacation
name the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most.	watch
name the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most.	clothes
name the gift you've gotten from your spouse that you cherish the most.	their heart
name something found on a computer.	keyboards
name something found on a computer.	monitor
name something found on a computer.	internet
name something found on a computer.	video games
name something found on a computer.	windows
name something you find in an oasis.	water
name something you find in an oasis.	trees
name something you find in an oasis.	sand
name something you find in an oasis.	camels
name something that comes in an aerosol can?	hair spray
name something that comes in an aerosol can?	air freshener
name something that comes in an aerosol can?	spray paint
name something that comes in an aerosol can?	deodorant
name something that comes in an aerosol can?	whipped cream
name a room in a family's home where you are most likely to find an air freshener.	bathroom
name a room in a family's home where you are most likely to find an air freshener.	kitchen
name a room in a family's home where you are most likely to find an air freshener.	bedroom
name something a college student might do all night instead of sleep.	study
name something a college student might do all night instead of sleep.	party
name something a college student might do all night instead of sleep.	internet/chat
name something a college student might do all night instead of sleep.	videogames
name something a college student might do all night instead of sleep.	work
name something a college student might do all night instead of sleep.	watch tv
name something that might blow off you on a windy day.	hat
name something that might blow off you on a windy day.	scarf
name something that might blow off you on a windy day.	toupee
name something that might blow off you on a windy day.	jacket
name something women like to take more time doing than men do.	fixing hair
name something women like to take more time doing than men do.	bathing
name something women like to take more time doing than men do.	getting ready
name something women like to take more time doing than men do.	shopping
name something women like to take more time doing than men do.	cleaning
name something women like to take more time doing than men do.	loving
name something you might find on the bottom of a shoe.	gum
name something you might find on the bottom of a shoe.	sole
name something you might find on the bottom of a shoe.	dirt
name something you might find on the bottom of a shoe.	dog poop
name something you might find on the bottom of a shoe.	tack
name something that has the word "super" in it.	superman
name something that has the word "super" in it.	super bowl
name something that has the word "super" in it.	supermarket
name something that has the word "super" in it.	super glue
name something that has the word "super" in it.	superintendent
name something that has the word "super" in it.	supersize
name something that has the word "super" in it.	superstar
name something an expectant mother might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy.	getting sleep
name something an expectant mother might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy.	tying shoes/bending
name something an expectant mother might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy.	walking
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	ape
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	lion
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	elephant
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	house cat
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	dog
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	bear
name an animals that could rule the world if it were as smart as humans.	tiger
name a reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos.	job
name a reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos.	his ex's name
name a reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos.	hide from parents
name a reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos.	going on a date
name a reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos.	he's embarrassed
name a reason why a young man would try to cover up his tattoos.	misspelled name
name something a king might insist he be buried with.	crown jewels
name something a king might insist he be buried with.	gold
name something a king might insist he be buried with.	queen
name something a king might insist he be buried with.	his money
name a place where cowboys hang out.	saloon
name a place where cowboys hang out.	ranch
name a place where cowboys hang out.	rodeo
name a place where cowboys hang out.	texas
name a place where cowboys hang out.	range
name something women have with a strap on it.	bra
name something women have with a strap on it.	purse/pocket book
name something women have with a strap on it.	dress/gown
name something women have with a strap on it.	shoes
name something that travels at high speeds.	airplanes
name something that travels at high speeds.	trains
name something that travels at high speeds.	light
name something that travels at high speeds.	bullets
name something that travels at high speeds.	sound
name a hobby people take up when they retire.	golfing
name a hobby people take up when they retire.	fishing
name a hobby people take up when they retire.	travel
name a hobby people take up when they retire.	knitting
name a hobby people take up when they retire.	gardening
name something you wish you had been born with.	money
name something you wish you had been born with.	super powers
name something you wish you had been born with.	different hair
name something you wish you had been born with.	good looks
name something you wish you had been born with.	different eyes
name something you wish you had been born with.	intelligence
name a london tube station.	euston
name a london tube station.	paddington
name a london tube station.	oxford circus
name a london tube station.	tottenham
name a london tube station.	victoria
name an occupation that could never be replaced by a machine.	doctor
name an occupation that could never be replaced by a machine.	nurse
name an occupation that could never be replaced by a machine.	teacher
name an occupation that could never be replaced by a machine.	police officer
name an occupation that could never be replaced by a machine.	judge
name an occupation that could never be replaced by a machine.	mother
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	a ring
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	a guy
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	a dress
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	a job
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	money/bank acct.
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	a blood test
name something a woman needs to have before she gets married.	a hope chest
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	accountant
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	engineer
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	banker
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	scientist
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	cashier
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	teacher
name a profession someone should avoid if they're bad at math.	architect
name something a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person.	dancing
name something a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person.	kissing
name something a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person.	walking/running
name something a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person.	play basketball
name something a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person.	boxing/fighting
name something a short person might have difficulty doing with a tall person.	making love
name something you stand around and wait for because someone else is using it.	bathroom/toilet
name something you stand around and wait for because someone else is using it.	telephone
name something you stand around and wait for because someone else is using it.	atm machine
name something you stand around and wait for because someone else is using it.	car
name something you stand around and wait for because someone else is using it.	washer/dryer
name something you stand around and wait for because someone else is using it.	gas pump
name a specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still.	doctor/dentist
name a specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still.	hair combed/cut
name a specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still.	posing for photo
name a specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still.	church
name a specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still.	being disciplined
name a specific reason a child would be ordered to hold still.	car/driving
name something people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach."	ball
name something people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach."	towel/blanket
name something people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach."	chair
name something people buy for the beach that contains the word "beach."	umbrella
name a food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale.	cheesecake
name a food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale.	ice cream
name a food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale.	hamburger
name a food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale.	pizza
name a food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale.	chocolate
name a food that can put a smile on your face and five extra pounds on your scale.	french fries
name a sport that can be played by one person.	golfing
name a sport that can be played by one person.	bowling
name a sport that can be played by one person.	swimming
name a sport that can be played by one person.	hunting
name something that happened to pinocchio.	nose grew
name something that happened to pinocchio.	got caught lying
name something that happened to pinocchio.	turned into a boy
name something that happened to pinocchio.	swallow by a whale
name something people do to avoid having their photos taken.	hide/leave room
name something people do to avoid having their photos taken.	bury face
name something people do to avoid having their photos taken.	turn away
name something people do to avoid having their photos taken.	frown
name something a person might get caught in.	rain
name something a person might get caught in.	lie
name something a person might get caught in.	trap
name something a person might get caught in.	traffic
name something a person might get caught in.	net
name a talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do.	sing
name a talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do.	box/fight
name a talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do.	magic/circus tricks
name a talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do.	dance
name a talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do.	comedy
name a talent that it's painful to watch an amateur do.	play instrument
name a strong female public figure.	hillary clinton
name a strong female public figure.	oprah winfrey
name a strong female public figure.	michelle obama
name a strong female public figure.	sarah palin
name a strong female public figure.	angelina jolie
name something plants need to grow	water
name something plants need to grow	sunlight
name something plants need to grow	dirt
name something plants need to grow	roots
name a tv show aimed at smart people.	jeopardy
name a tv show aimed at smart people.	60 minutes
name a tv show aimed at smart people.	er
name a tv show aimed at smart people.	frasier
name a holiday that falls on a certain day of the week.	thanksgiving
name a holiday that falls on a certain day of the week.	easter
name a holiday that falls on a certain day of the week.	labor day
name a holiday that falls on a certain day of the week.	memorial day
name something that couples should do together regularly in order to stay connected.	talk
name something that couples should do together regularly in order to stay connected.	sex
name something specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable.	shoes
name something specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable.	bra
name something specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable.	trousers
name something specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable.	shirt
name something specific you take off when you get home so you will be more comfortable.	jewelry
name something you might ask a hotel maid for mor of.	towels
name something you might ask a hotel maid for mor of.	soap
name something you might ask a hotel maid for mor of.	pillows
name something you might ask a hotel maid for mor of.	shampoo
name something you might ask a hotel maid for mor of.	ice
name someone who does your bragging for you.	parents
name someone who does your bragging for you.	spouse
name someone who does your bragging for you.	friend
name someone who does your bragging for you.	children
name someone who does your bragging for you.	siblings
name someone who does your bragging for you.	grandparents
name something people accidentally leave in a taxi.	mobilephone
name something people accidentally leave in a taxi.	wallet
name something people accidentally leave in a taxi.	bag
name something people accidentally leave in a taxi.	purse
name something people accidentally leave in a taxi.	jacket
name something people accidentally leave in a taxi.	umbrella
name a real or fictional person with "dick" in his name.	dick tracy
name a real or fictional person with "dick" in his name.	dick van dyke
name a real or fictional person with "dick" in his name.	dick clark
name a real or fictional person with "dick" in his name.	dick nixon
name a real or fictional person with "dick" in his name.	dick cheney
name a real or fictional person with "dick" in his name.	andy dick
name something in your kitchen that is full of holes.	strainer
name something in your kitchen that is full of holes.	grater
name something in your kitchen that is full of holes.	cheese
name something in your kitchen that is full of holes.	sink
name something a hairdresser uses	scissors
name something a hairdresser uses	blow dryer
name something a hairdresser uses	brush
name something a hairdresser uses	curling iron
name something a hairdresser uses	hair spray
name something a hairdresser uses	shampoo
name a food you're likely to find at a super bowl party.	chips
name a food you're likely to find at a super bowl party.	hot dog
name a food you're likely to find at a super bowl party.	nachos
name a food you're likely to find at a super bowl party.	pizza
name a food you're likely to find at a super bowl party.	chicken wings
name a food you're likely to find at a super bowl party.	popcorn
name a hockey team that has a huge following.	detroit red wings
name a hockey team that has a huge following.	new york rangers
name a hockey team that has a huge following.	chicago blackhawks
name a hockey team that has a huge following.	pittsburg penguins
name a hockey team that has a huge following.	boston bruins
name something high school students have nightmares about.	tests
name something high school students have nightmares about.	graduating
name something high school students have nightmares about.	homework
name something high school students have nightmares about.	peer pressure
name something high school students have nightmares about.	going to college
name a child's toy that a dad might wish he had.	remote control car
name a child's toy that a dad might wish he had.	toy train set
name a child's toy that a dad might wish he had.	bike
name a child's toy that a dad might wish he had.	action figure
name a child's toy that a dad might wish he had.	video game system
name something that flies but doesn't have an engine.	birds
name something that flies but doesn't have an engine.	kite
name something that flies but doesn't have an engine.	bees
name something that flies but doesn't have an engine.	hang glider
name something that flies but doesn't have an engine.	hot air balloon
name someplace where people say they do their best thinking.	bathroom
name someplace where people say they do their best thinking.	in bed/bedroom
name someplace where people say they do their best thinking.	park
name someplace where people say they do their best thinking.	library
name someplace where people say they do their best thinking.	in traffic/car
name something people do once a year that they dread.	income taxes
name something people do once a year that they dread.	christmas shop
name something people do once a year that they dread.	doctor/dentist
name something people do once a year that they dread.	spring cleaning
name something people deliver for a living.	pizza
name something people deliver for a living.	mail
name something people deliver for a living.	paper
name something people deliver for a living.	milk
name something people deliver for a living.	food
name something people deliver for a living.	furniture
name something people deliver for a living.	flowers
name something a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college.	cookies/food
name something a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college.	money
name something a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college.	clothes
name something a mother might include in a care package to her son who's away at college.	condoms
name something kids often take for granted.	parents
name something kids often take for granted.	money
name something kids often take for granted.	food
name something kids often take for granted.	toys
name something you might see tied to the roof of someone's car.	tree
name something you might see tied to the roof of someone's car.	bicycle
name something you might see tied to the roof of someone's car.	mattress
name something you might see tied to the roof of someone's car.	luggage
name something you might see tied to the roof of someone's car.	skis
name something you might see tied to the roof of someone's car.	surfboard
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	jewelry/watch
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	musical instrument
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	camera
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	dvd
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	radio
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	tv
name an item that people bring to a pawn shop.	china/dishes
name something you might carry on your back.	backpack
name something you might carry on your back.	a shirt
name something you might carry on your back.	child
name something you might carry on your back.	vacuum
name a reason someone turns off all the lights in their house.	going to bed
name a reason someone turns off all the lights in their house.	saving electricity
name a reason someone turns off all the lights in their house.	going out
name a reason someone turns off all the lights in their house.	hide from visitors
name a reason someone turns off all the lights in their house.	on vacation
name a reason someone turns off all the lights in their house.	it's day time
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	sharks
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	dolphins
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	turtles
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	seals
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	whales
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	stingrays
name an animal you might see at an acquarium.	penguins
name a legendary rock band.	beatles
name a legendary rock band.	rolling stones
name a legendary rock band.	kiss
name a legendary rock band.	led zeppelin
name a legendary rock band.	ac
name a legendary rock band.	the who
name a legendary rock band.	u2
name a legendary rock band.	pinkfloyd
name something you find in the british countryside.	cows
name something you find in the british countryside.	sheep
name something you find in the british countryside.	fields
name something you find in the british countryside.	squirrels
name something you find in the british countryside.	birds
name something you find in the british countryside.	ponds
name something you find in the british countryside.	trees
name something you buy a ticket for.	concerts
name something you buy a ticket for.	movies
name something you buy a ticket for.	sporting events
name something you buy a ticket for.	air travel
name something you buy a ticket for.	lottery tickets
name something people push that has wheels.	shopping cart
name something people push that has wheels.	baby stroller
name something people push that has wheels.	wheelbarrow
name something people push that has wheels.	lawn mower
name something people push that has wheels.	suitcase
name something people push that has wheels.	vacuum
name something in your house that has faded.	clothing
name something in your house that has faded.	curtains
name something in your house that has faded.	paint
name something in your house that has faded.	funiture
name something in your house that has faded.	rugs
name something in your house that has faded.	linens
name a state where disaster could strike at any time.	california
name a state where disaster could strike at any time.	florida
name a state where disaster could strike at any time.	new york
name a state where disaster could strike at any time.	hawaii
name a state where disaster could strike at any time.	kansas
name a state where disaster could strike at any time.	louisiana
name something you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it.	fry it
name something you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it.	season it
name something you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it.	bread it
name something you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it.	hide it
name something you can do to fish to help picky eaters like it.	sauce
name a job someone with claustrophobia shouldn't do.	elevator operator
name a job someone with claustrophobia shouldn't do.	miner
name a job someone with claustrophobia shouldn't do.	airplane pilot
name a job someone with claustrophobia shouldn't do.	astronaut
name something people do before having their picture taken.	comb hair
name something people do before having their picture taken.	hair
name something people do before having their picture taken.	brush hair
name something people do before having their picture taken.	apply makeup
name something people do before having their picture taken.	grin
name something people do before having their picture taken.	smile
name something people do before having their picture taken.	smirk
name something people do before having their picture taken.	lotion
name something people do before having their picture taken.	mascara
name something people do before having their picture taken.	moisturizer
name something people do before having their picture taken.	put on makeup
name something people do before having their picture taken.	rouge
name something people do before having their picture taken.	skin care
name something people do before having their picture taken.	soap
name something people do before having their picture taken.	lipstick
name something people do before having their picture taken.	cosmetics
name something people do before having their picture taken.	cover up
name something people do before having their picture taken.	cream
name something people do before having their picture taken.	eyeshadow
name something people do before having their picture taken.	eyeliner
name something people do before having their picture taken.	blush
name something people do before having their picture taken.	face soap
name something people do before having their picture taken.	foundation
name something people do before having their picture taken.	bought clothes
name something people do before having their picture taken.	new clothes
name something people do before having their picture taken.	buy clothes
name something people do before having their picture taken.	clothes
name something people do before having their picture taken.	purchase clothing
name something people do before having their picture taken.	reflective surfaces
name something people do before having their picture taken.	reflector
name something people do before having their picture taken.	in mirror
name something people do before having their picture taken.	mirror
name something people do before having their picture taken.	looking glass
name something people do before having their picture taken.	look in mirror
name something willie nelson is famous for.	singing
name something willie nelson is famous for.	braids
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	ribs
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	chicken
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	hamburgers
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	hot dog
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	potato salad
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	steak
name a food that is often found at a barbecue.	baked beans
name an occasion when men buy roses.	valentine's day
name an occasion when men buy roses.	anniversary
name an occasion when men buy roses.	after argument
name an occasion when men buy roses.	mother's day
name an occasion when men buy roses.	birthday
name something you'd hate to be in when it breaks down.	car
name something you'd hate to be in when it breaks down.	airplane
name something you'd hate to be in when it breaks down.	boat
name something you'd hate to be in when it breaks down.	elevator
name something you'd hate to be in when it breaks down.	bus
name something you'd hate to be in when it breaks down.	subway/train
name a popular tv game show.	family feud
name a popular tv game show.	the price is right
name a popular tv game show.	wheel of fortune
name a popular tv game show.	jeopardy
name a popular tv game show.	deal or no deal
name something you'd never see donald trump without.	money
name something you'd never see donald trump without.	pretty women
name something you'd never see donald trump without.	perfect hair
name something you'd never see donald trump without.	clothes
name something you'd never see donald trump without.	diamond
name something you'd never see donald trump without.	body guard
name something about a man that might make other men jealous.	looks
name something about a man that might make other men jealous.	wife
name something about a man that might make other men jealous.	money
name something about a man that might make other men jealous.	hairline
name something about a man that might make other men jealous.	car
name something people do on payday.	cash check/bank
name something people do on payday.	eat out/drinks
name something people do on payday.	go shopping
name something people do on payday.	pay bills
name something about a person that makes him or her look evil.	shift eyes
name something about a person that makes him or her look evil.	pointy eyebrows
name something about a person that makes him or her look evil.	smile
name something about a person that makes him or her look evil.	frown
name something about a person that makes him or her look evil.	teeth
name something about a person that makes him or her look evil.	attitude
name the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading.	classifieds
name the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading.	sports
name the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading.	front page
name the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading.	comics
name the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading.	business
name the section of the newspaper people spend the most time reading.	travel
name a way you wish your spouse was more like your dog.	obedient
name a way you wish your spouse was more like your dog.	loyal/faithful
name a way you wish your spouse was more like your dog.	affection/loving
name a way you wish your spouse was more like your dog.	happy
name a way you wish your spouse was more like your dog.	quiet
name a way you wish your spouse was more like your dog.	begs
name something that these days, even middle-class people can't afford.	house
name something that these days, even middle-class people can't afford.	car
name something that these days, even middle-class people can't afford.	vacation
name something that these days, even middle-class people can't afford.	health care
name something that these days, even middle-class people can't afford.	gasoline
name something that these days, even middle-class people can't afford.	education/college
name a kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have someone coughing nearby.	restaurant/table
name a kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have someone coughing nearby.	movie/theater
name a kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have someone coughing nearby.	church
name a kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have someone coughing nearby.	doctor/hospital
name a kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have someone coughing nearby.	elevator
name a kind of place where it's especially disturbing to have someone coughing nearby.	bus stop
name the most important person in american history.	george washinton
name the most important person in american history.	abraham lincoln
name the most important person in american history.	martin luther king jr
name the most important person in american history.	thomas jefferson
name the most important person in american history.	christopher columbus
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	gossip
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	bills/money
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	shopping
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	work/job
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	how day went
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	kids
name a topic of conversation wives bore their husbands with.	food/cooking
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	rat
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	bugs
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	water
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	burglar
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	snake
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	cat
name something you would hate to find in your cellar.	dead body
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	moustache
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	hat
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	glasses
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	mask
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	beard
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	wig
name something a man might wear to disguise himself.	balaclava
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	sewing
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	cooking
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	yoga
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	gardening
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	scrap booking
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	nurse
name a hobby that's traditionally for women, but these days men are doing it too.	crafts
name something a women might put in her hair.	barrette
name something a women might put in her hair.	hair spray
name something specific you might request on an invitation.	rsvp
name something specific you might request on an invitation.	byob
name something specific you might request on an invitation.	no guests
name something specific you might request on an invitation.	no gifts
name something specific you might request on an invitation.	black tie
name something you might do after you get a bad grade on a test.	get upset
name something you might do after you get a bad grade on a test.	retake exam
name something you might do after you get a bad grade on a test.	get drunk
name something you might do after you get a bad grade on a test.	eat
name something you might turn down.	job offer
name something you might turn down.	television
name something you might turn down.	meals
name something you might turn down.	radio
name something you might turn down.	proposal
name something you leave to chance.	pregnancy
name something you leave to chance.	love
name something you leave to chance.	job
name something you leave to chance.	lottery
name something you leave to chance.	retirement
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	crickets
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	snoring
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	falling rain
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	faucet dripping
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	barking dog
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	waves
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	traffic
name a sound people lie awake all night listening to.	clock ticking
name something that might go wrong on a date.	car broke down
name something that might go wrong on a date.	no money
name something that might go wrong on a date.	getting stood up
name something that might go wrong on a date.	an argument
name something that might go wrong on a date.	spilled drink
name a holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year.	thanksgiving
name a holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year.	easter
name a holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year.	labor day
name a holiday that falls on the same day of the week each year.	good friday
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	earrings
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	rings
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	bra
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	watch
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	necklace
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	bracelet
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	purse
name an accessory almost every woman wears.	lipstick
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	cater
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	play music
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	take pictures
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	provide flowers
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	plan it
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	make the cake
name something you might be hired to do for a wedding.	decorate
name the most important invention of the 20th century.	cell phone
name the most important invention of the 20th century.	laptop
name the most important invention of the 20th century.	internet
name the most important invention of the 20th century.	microwave
name something that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do.	shake hands
name something that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do.	kiss
name something that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do.	share drink
name something that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do.	near sick person
name something that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do.	out in cold
name something that people who are afraid of catching colds will refuse to do.	take medicine
name something people get nostalgic about.	childhood
name something people get nostalgic about.	school
name something people get nostalgic about.	music
name something people get nostalgic about.	holidays
name something people get nostalgic about.	past loves
name something people get nostalgic about.	weddings
name something you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it.	hair
name something you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it.	fly/bug
name something you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it.	glass
name something you've found in your food in a restaurant and complained to the manager about it.	tooth
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job.	mail carrier
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job.	salesperson
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job.	doctor
name an occupation where a person carries some kind of bag on the job.	lawyer
name an inventor kids learn about in school.	thomas edison
name an inventor kids learn about in school.	benjamin franklin
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	5'8
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	6'
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	5'7
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	5'10
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	5'9
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	5'
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	6'1
name a height when men consider a woman tall.	taller than them
name an occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife.	plumber
name an occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife.	cable guy
name an occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife.	mail man
name an occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife.	pool cleaner
name an occupation that might get the attention of a bored housewife.	maid
name a subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are.	math
name a subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are.	history
name a subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are.	science
name a subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are.	geography
name a subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are.	english
name a subject in which a 5th grader may be smarter than you are.	computers
name a part of a car that thieves often steal.	stereo
name a part of a car that thieves often steal.	wheels
name a part of a car that thieves often steal.	badge
name a part of a car that thieves often steal.	hubcaps
name a part of a car that thieves often steal.	engine
name something you'd see in a church.	cross
name something you'd see in a church.	priest
name something you'd see in a church.	altar
name something you'd see in a church.	pew
name something you'd see in a church.	bible
name something you'd see in a church.	candles
name a professional that everyone consults sooner or later.	doctor
name a professional that everyone consults sooner or later.	lawyer
name a professional that everyone consults sooner or later.	teacher
name a professional that everyone consults sooner or later.	dentist
name a professional that everyone consults sooner or later.	accountant
name something people do in their backyard.	barbecue
name something people do in their backyard.	frisbee
name something people do in their backyard.	yard work
name something people do in their backyard.	play sports
name something people do in their backyard.	tanning
name something miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign.	smiling
name something miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign.	wearing crown
name something miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign.	waving
name something miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign.	same questions
name something miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign.	people
name something miss america is probably really sick of by the end of her reign.	travel
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	car
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	clothes
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	kitchen floor
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	body
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	towels
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	bathroom
name something that doesn't stay clean for long after wash it:	dishes
name something children beg parents for at bedtime.	a drink
name something children beg parents for at bedtime.	a story
name something children beg parents for at bedtime.	stay up longer
name something children beg parents for at bedtime.	snack
name a holiday that's considered patriotic.	4th of july
name a holiday that's considered patriotic.	memorial day
name an occupation where people wear shorts to work.	lifeguard
name an occupation where people wear shorts to work.	mail carrier
name an occupation where people wear shorts to work.	postman
name an occupation where people wear shorts to work.	athlete
name an occupation where people wear shorts to work.	phys ed instructor
name an animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans.	dog
name an animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans.	birds
name an animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans.	cat
name an animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans.	elephant
name an animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans.	monkey
name an animal that's more capable of making a lasting commitment than humans.	turtle
name a scent you would not want perfume to smell like.	skunk
name a scent you would not want perfume to smell like.	poop
name a scent you would not want perfume to smell like.	sweat
name a scent you would not want perfume to smell like.	garbage
name the place where you do most of your complaining.	home
name the place where you do most of your complaining.	work
name the place where you do most of your complaining.	on the phone
name the place where you do most of your complaining.	friend's place
name the place where you do most of your complaining.	over the internet
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	will smith
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	julia roberts
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	tom hanks
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	george clooney
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	edward norton
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	will ferrell
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	matthew mcc..
name a star whose movies you'll go see no matter how bad the reviews are.	nicholas cage
name a kind of animal you might see in a swamp.	alligator
name a kind of animal you might see in a swamp.	frog
name a kind of animal you might see in a swamp.	snake
name a kind of animal you might see in a swamp.	crocodile
name a kind of animal you might see in a swamp.	monster
name something japan is famous for.	cars
name something japan is famous for.	wasabi
name something japan is famous for.	sushi
name something japan is famous for.	sashimi
name something japan is famous for.	camcorders
name something japan is famous for.	stereos
name something japan is famous for.	video cameras
name something japan is famous for.	radios
name something japan is famous for.	walkmen
name something japan is famous for.	ipods
name something japan is famous for.	boom boxes
name something japan is famous for.	ghetto blasters
name something japan is famous for.	gadgets
name something japan is famous for.	electronics
name something japan is famous for.	vehicles
name something japan is famous for.	vans
name something japan is famous for.	trucks
name something japan is famous for.	suvs
name something japan is famous for.	automobiles
name something japan is famous for.	wrestling
name something japan is famous for.	sumo wrestling
name something japan is famous for.	bushido
name something japan is famous for.	samurai
name something japan is famous for.	pearl harbor
name something japan is famous for.	harbor
name something grown men still ask their mommy to do for them.	cook for them
name something grown men still ask their mommy to do for them.	laundry/ironing
name something grown men still ask their mommy to do for them.	loan them money
name something grown men still ask their mommy to do for them.	shop for them
name something grown men still ask their mommy to do for them.	sing to them
name something grown men still ask their mommy to do for them.	give ride in car
name a physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related	eyes
name a physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related	nose
name a physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related	hair
name a physical feature that makes it obvious two people are related	smile
name a kind of bank that doesn't deal in money.	blood bank
name a kind of bank that doesn't deal in money.	sperm bank
name a kind of bank that doesn't deal in money.	food bank
name a kind of bank that doesn't deal in money.	river bank
name something you think of when you think of france.	eiffel tower
name something you think of when you think of france.	paris
name something you think of when you think of france.	romance
name something you think of when you think of france.	the food
name something you think of when you think of france.	wine
name a fish you're afraid of.	shark
name a fish you're afraid of.	piranha
name a fish you're afraid of.	eel
name a fish you're afraid of.	barracuda
name something a doctor might have.	stethoscope
name something a doctor might have.	white coat
name something a doctor might have.	patients
name something a doctor might have.	medicine
name something a doctor might have.	latex gloves
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	get newspaper
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	take out trash
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	get the mail
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	water the lawn
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	walk/tend to dog
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	talk to neighbor
name something you go outside in your bathrobe to do.	give kids lunch
name a monster that would have been hunted by sinbad.	kraken
name a monster that would have been hunted by sinbad.	sea serpent
name a monster that would have been hunted by sinbad.	cyclops
name a monster that would have been hunted by sinbad.	whale
name a monster that would have been hunted by sinbad.	dragon
name a reason people take out a loan.	buy house
name a reason people take out a loan.	college
name a reason people take out a loan.	buy car
name a reason people take out a loan.	open business
name a reason people take out a loan.	marriage
name something a doctor might be holding in his hand.	stethoscope
name something a doctor might be holding in his hand.	scalpel/knife
name something a doctor might be holding in his hand.	thermometer
name something a doctor might be holding in his hand.	pad
name something a doctor might be holding in his hand.	needle
name an ingredient in ratatouille.	pasta
name an ingredient in ratatouille.	tomatoes
name an ingredient in ratatouille.	eggplant
name an ingredient in ratatouille.	cheese
name an ingredient in ratatouille.	pasta sauce
name an ingredient in ratatouille.	rat
name an expensive item on a restaurant menu.	lobster
name an expensive item on a restaurant menu.	steak
name an expensive item on a restaurant menu.	wine
name something most people know about lucille ball.	red hair
name something most people know about lucille ball.	funny
name something most people know about lucille ball.	married desi arnaz
name something most people know about lucille ball.	i love lucy
name something most people know about lucille ball.	actress
name something that you might see someone run after.	bus
name something that you might see someone run after.	money
name something that you might see someone run after.	dog
name something that you might see someone run after.	taxi
name something that you might see someone run after.	child
name something that you might see someone run after.	ball
name a game that families play on road trips.	i spy
name a game that families play on road trips.	slug bug
name a game that families play on road trips.	license plate game
name a game that families play on road trips.	find the alphabet
name a game that families play on road trips.	20 questions
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	ball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	bowling ball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	cue ball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	billiard ball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	pool ball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	beach ball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	basketball
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	egg
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	yolk
name something you might compare a bald guy's head to.	globe
name a reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life.	dirty
name a reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life.	violence
name a reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life.	dangerous
name a reason why a woman wouldn't like a pirate's life.	seasickness
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	oprah winfrey
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	katie couric
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	dr. phil
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	president
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	rachael ray
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	ellen degeneres
name someone you feel you know because they're on tv every day.	sean hannity
name something that flies.	birds
name something that flies.	airplanes
name something that flies.	butterfly
name something that flies.	fly
name something that flies.	bees
name something that flies.	kite
name a place that begins with the word "south".	dakota
name a place that begins with the word "south".	america
name a place that begins with the word "south".	pole
name a place that begins with the word "south".	carolina
name a place that begins with the word "south".	park
name a place that begins with the word "south".	central
name something australia sends to other countries.	wheat
name something australia sends to other countries.	soldiers
name something australia sends to other countries.	money
name something australia sends to other countries.	wool
name something australia sends to other countries.	vegemite
name something australia sends to other countries.	food
name something australia sends to other countries.	sheep
name something people do at a movie.	eat popcorn
name something people do at a movie.	watch a movie
name something people do at a movie.	kiss
name something people do at a movie.	sleep
name something people do at a movie.	talk
name something people do at a movie.	laugh
name something that firemen carry that regular people don't.	fire hose
name something that firemen carry that regular people don't.	axe
name something that firemen carry that regular people don't.	oxygen tank
name something that firemen carry that regular people don't.	badge
name something that firemen carry that regular people don't.	ladder
name something that firemen carry that regular people don't.	extinguisher
name an advantage of being a senior citizen	discount
name an advantage of being a senior citizen	no work
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	bear
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	skunk
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	lion
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	wolf
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	cat
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	another dog
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	raccoon
name an animal you wouldn't want your dog to get in a fight with.	cougar
name a professional sports team in new york.	yankees
name a professional sports team in new york.	giants
name a professional sports team in new york.	jet
name a professional sports team in new york.	knicks
name something people keep in the basement.	washer and dryer
name something people keep in the basement.	furnace
name something people keep in the basement.	furniture
name something people keep in the basement.	boxes
name something people keep in the basement.	bicycle
name something people keep in the basement.	christmas decorations
name something a boss has that the worker might envy.	money
name something a boss has that the worker might envy.	prestige
name something a boss has that the worker might envy.	authority
name something a boss has that the worker might envy.	nice office
name something a boss has that the worker might envy.	nice car
name something a boss has that the worker might envy.	more time off
name something people push around.	cart
name something people push around.	baby stroller
name something people push around.	vacuum
name something people push around.	lawn mower
name an animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply.	rabbit
name an animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply.	rat
name an animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply.	cat
name an animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply.	hamster
name an animal that seems to exist only to breed and multiply.	dog
name something in your house with four legs.	table
name something in your house with four legs.	pet
name something in your house with four legs.	chair
name something in your house with four legs.	bed
name something in your house with four legs.	insect
name something in your house with four legs.	couch
name a gift you received in the past that seems really out of style now.	clothes
name a gift you received in the past that seems really out of style now.	record player
name something dogs do while riding in a car.	head out window
name something dogs do while riding in a car.	bark
name something dogs do while riding in a car.	sleep
name something dogs do while riding in a car.	pants
name something dogs do while riding in a car.	throw up
name a part of his body a skinny guy might want to exercise and build up.	chest
name a part of his body a skinny guy might want to exercise and build up.	arms
name something a superhero wears that most men don't.	spandex pants
name something a superhero wears that most men don't.	mask
name something a superhero wears that most men don't.	cape
name a country where it's hot all year around.	south africa
name a country where it's hot all year around.	mexico
name a country where it's hot all year around.	jamaica
name a country where it's hot all year around.	brazil
name a country where it's hot all year around.	australia
name a country where it's hot all year around.	iraq
name something gorillas do all day.	scratch
name something gorillas do all day.	eat/bananas
name something gorillas do all day.	beat their chests
name something gorillas do all day.	grunt/make noise
name something gorillas do all day.	groom each other
name something gorillas do all day.	jump around
name something you might see in an alleyway.	dumpster
name something you might see in an alleyway.	cats
name something you might see in an alleyway.	cardboard
name something you'd find in a haunted house.	ghost
name something you'd find in a haunted house.	spiderwebs
name something you'd find in a haunted house.	blood
name something you'd find in a haunted house.	witch
name something you'd find in a haunted house.	skeletons
name something you'd find in a haunted house.	monsters
name something accidentally gets stuck on the roof:	frisbee
name something accidentally gets stuck on the roof:	ball
name something accidentally gets stuck on the roof:	cat
name something accidentally gets stuck on the roof:	kite
name something accidentally gets stuck on the roof:	leaves
name something accidentally gets stuck on the roof:	newspaper
name something people get built in their backyards.	shed
name something people get built in their backyards.	pool
name something people get built in their backyards.	cubby house
name something people get built in their backyards.	pergola
name something people get built in their backyards.	garage
name something people get built in their backyards.	bbq
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	money
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	jewelry
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	clothes/shoes
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	new car
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	more sex
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	help around house
name something a man hates to hear his wife tell him she wants.	to go shopping
name a celebrity you wish you could have dinner with.	oprah
name a celebrity you wish you could have dinner with.	brad pitt
name a celebrity you wish you could have dinner with.	george clooney
name a celebrity you wish you could have dinner with.	denzel washington
name a celebrity you wish you could have dinner with.	beyonce
name a celebrity you wish you could have dinner with.	johnny depp
name a former british colony that is not the united states of america.	canada
name a former british colony that is not the united states of america.	india
name a former british colony that is not the united states of america.	australia
name a former british colony that is not the united states of america.	jamaica
name a former british colony that is not the united states of america.	hong kong
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	13
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	18
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	16
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	14
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	21
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	15
name the age that a male would no longer like to be called a "boy."	12
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	park
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	zoo
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	amusement park
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	movie theatre
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	mall
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	fast food restaurant
name a place that kids beg their parents to take them.	beach
name a city people go to follow their dreams.	los angeles
name a city people go to follow their dreams.	new york
name a city people go to follow their dreams.	las vegas
name a city people go to follow their dreams.	paris
name a city people go to follow their dreams.	san francisco
name a city people go to follow their dreams.	honolulu
name something you would give to your child but not your boss	a kiss
name something you would give to your child but not your boss	toys
name something you would give to your child but not your boss	money
name something you would give to your child but not your boss	food
name a food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers:	turkey
name a food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers:	pasta
name a food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers:	roast beef
name a food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers:	meat loaf
name a food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers:	chili
name a food that leaves you with a couple of days of leftovers:	soup
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	corn flakes
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	cheerios
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	oatmeal
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	rice krispies
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	frosted flakes
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	wheaties
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	captain crunch
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	shredded wheat
name a cereal that was around when you were a kid & is still around today:	trix
name something you might watch through binoculars.	bird
name something you might watch through binoculars.	sporting event
name something you might watch through binoculars.	neighbours
name something you might watch through binoculars.	the stars
name something you might watch through binoculars.	concert
name an errand it seems you are always doing.	grocery shopping
name an errand it seems you are always doing.	driving kids around
name an errand it seems you are always doing.	laundry
name an errand it seems you are always doing.	paying bills
name something you like to smell around your neighborhood in summer.	flowers
name something you like to smell around your neighborhood in summer.	grass
name something that grows on a vine.	grapes
name something that grows on a vine.	tomatoes
name something that grows on a vine.	poison ivy
name something that grows on a vine.	strawberries
name something that grows on a vine.	blackberries
name something that grows on a vine.	leaves
name a state that probably has more cows than people.	texas
name a state that probably has more cows than people.	wisconsin
name a state that probably has more cows than people.	nebraska
name a state that probably has more cows than people.	iowa
name a state that probably has more cows than people.	oklahoma
name a state that probably has more cows than people.	kansas
name a kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers.	bank/a.t.m.
name a kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers.	malls/stores
name a kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers.	dark street/alley
name a kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers.	at home
name a kind of place where people should be on the lookout for robbers.	subway/train
name a type is cake.	cheesecake
name a type is cake.	chocolate cake
name a type is cake.	black forest
name a type is cake.	carrot cake
name a tv show that's a clone of american idol.	so you think you can dance
name a tv show that's a clone of american idol.	next american
name a tv show that's a clone of american idol.	american's got talent
name a tv show that's a clone of american idol.	dancing with the stars
name a tv show that's a clone of american idol.	nashville star
name a tv show that's a clone of american idol.	america's next top model
name something that can be engaged.	people
name something that can be engaged.	phone
name something that can be engaged.	toilet
name something that can be engaged.	gears
name a country where they drink lots of wine.	italy
name a country where they drink lots of wine.	france
name a country where they drink lots of wine.	england
name a country where they drink lots of wine.	spain
name something interviewers always ask paris hilton about.	her love life
name something interviewers always ask paris hilton about.	her sex video
name something interviewers always ask paris hilton about.	career/movies
name something interviewers always ask paris hilton about.	body/surgeries
name something interviewers always ask paris hilton about.	her age
name something interviewers always ask paris hilton about.	her money
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	elevator
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	closet
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	airplane
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	crowded room
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	bar
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	jail
name a place where people might get claustrophobic.	cat scan
name something you might find in a fish tank.	fish
name something you might find in a fish tank.	castle
name something you might find in a fish tank.	fish food
name something you might find in a fish tank.	filter
name something you say to people when you take their picture.	say cheese
name something you say to people when you take their picture.	smile
name something you say to people when you take their picture.	mommy
name a place you should never ever use foul language.	church
name a place you should never ever use foul language.	work
name a place you should never ever use foul language.	home
name a place you should never ever use foul language.	school
name a place you should never ever use foul language.	day care
name a breed of dog you can only describe as annoying:	chihuahua
name a breed of dog you can only describe as annoying:	poodle
name a breed of dog you can only describe as annoying:	pit bull
name a breed of dog you can only describe as annoying:	doberman pinscher
name a breed of dog you can only describe as annoying:	pekingese
name a reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back.	kids misbehave
name a reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back.	low pay
name a reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back.	parents late/hours
name a reason why a babysitter might swear never to come back.	messy home
name a reason why you might be nervous while driving.	weather conditions
name a reason why you might be nervous while driving.	heavy traffic
name a reason why you might be nervous while driving.	new driver
name a reason why you might be nervous while driving.	spot a police car
name a reason why you might be nervous while driving.	tailgating
name a reason why you might be nervous while driving.	lost
name a reason it might hurt to smile.	dental work
name a reason it might hurt to smile.	chapped lips
name a reason it might hurt to smile.	hurt
name a reason it might hurt to smile.	canker
name a reason it might hurt to smile.	feeling sad
name a reason it might hurt to smile.	sunburn
name something you might light with a match.	candles
name something you might light with a match.	cigarettes
name something you might light with a match.	grill
name something you might light with a match.	fire
name something you might light with a match.	pilot light
name something you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford.	house
name something you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford.	new car
name something you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford.	retirement
name something you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford.	boat
name something you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford.	vacation
name something you're starting to think you'll never be able to afford.	castle
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	church
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	work
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	school
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	movie theater
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	beach
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	park
name a kind of place where people let their attention wander.	shopping mall
name a profession with over-caffeinated employees.	nurse
name a profession with over-caffeinated employees.	teacher
name a profession with over-caffeinated employees.	police officer
name a profession with over-caffeinated employees.	accountant
name something you might find in the desert.	cactus
name something you might find in the desert.	sand
name something you might find in the desert.	snakes
name something you might find in the desert.	camels
name something that might be "runny".	nose
name something that might be "runny".	eggs
name something that might be "runny".	faucet
name something that might be "runny".	gravy
name something that might be "runny".	ice cream
name something people have less of as they get older.	hair
name something people have less of as they get older.	energy/vitality
name something people have less of as they get older.	teeth
name something people have less of as they get older.	appetite
name something people have less of as they get older.	patience
name a reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific].	snake
name a reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific].	iguana
name a reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific].	gecko
name a reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific].	chameleon
name a reptile people keep as a pet [no 'lizard', be more specific].	alligator
name a part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date.	bra strap
name a part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date.	zipper/fly
name a part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date.	button
name a part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date.	high heels
name a part of her clothing that a woman would hate to have break while on a date.	jewelry clasp
name a former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time.	abraham lincoln
name a former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time.	john kennedy
name a former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time.	f.d.r.
name a former president you would have voted for if you were living at the time.	george washington
name something you do using one finger only.	dial phone
name something you do using one finger only.	point
name something you do using one finger only.	pick nose
name something you do using one finger only.	type
name something you do using one finger only.	push button
name something that creaks when it gets old.	people
name something that creaks when it gets old.	house
name something that creaks when it gets old.	chair
name something that creaks when it gets old.	door
name something that creaks when it gets old.	bed
name something that creaks when it gets old.	car
name a job in a supermarket.	cashier
name a job in a supermarket.	stocker
name a job in a supermarket.	bagger
name a job in a supermarket.	butcher
name something you blow on.	hot food
name something you blow on.	candles
name something you blow on.	whistle
name something you blow on.	dandelions
name something you blow on.	balloons
name something a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy.	take vitamins
name something a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy.	no smoking
name something a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy.	visit doctor
name something a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy.	eat well
name something a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy.	no drinking
name something a pregnant woman does to make sure her baby is healthy.	exercise
name something that's kept in a "tank".	fish
name something that's kept in a "tank".	gas
name something that's kept in a "tank".	water
name something that's kept in a "tank".	oil
name something that's kept in a "tank".	propane
name something drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion.	lose weight
name something drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion.	plastic surgery
name something drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion.	new hair style
name something drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion.	workout
name something drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion.	botox
name something drastic you might do to get ready for your high school reunion.	new clothes
name something many people have that's fake.	jewelry/watch
name something many people have that's fake.	hair
name something many people have that's fake.	teeth
name something many people have that's fake.	bustline
name something many people have that's fake.	fur
name something many people have that's fake.	flowers
name something many people have that's fake.	fingernails
name something kids do when their pet goldfish dies.	cry
name something kids do when their pet goldfish dies.	flush down toilet
name something kids do when their pet goldfish dies.	bury it
name something kids do when their pet goldfish dies.	funeral/ceremony
name something kids do when their pet goldfish dies.	buy new one
name something a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn.	manners
name something a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn.	family recipes
name something a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn.	knitting/sewing
name something a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn.	family history
name something a grandmother might want her grandchildren to learn.	native language
name a way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family.	bow
name a way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family.	your highness
name a way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family.	sir/maam
name a way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family.	your majesty
name a way that your friends would begin greeting you if you became a member of the royal family.	curtsy
name a beverage served hot.	coffee
name a beverage served hot.	tea
name a beverage served hot.	hot chocolate
name a beverage served hot.	apple cider
name something you peel. (be more specific than fruit)	orange
name something you peel. (be more specific than fruit)	banana
name something you peel. (be more specific than fruit)	potatoes
name something you peel. (be more specific than fruit)	apples
name something you peel. (be more specific than fruit)	carrot
name something you peel. (be more specific than fruit)	pear
name something you do to relax when you are feeling stressed.	bathe
name something you do to relax when you are feeling stressed.	read
name something you do to relax when you are feeling stressed.	sleep
name something you do to relax when you are feeling stressed.	drink
name something you do to relax when you are feeling stressed.	watch tv
name something that might make you nervous.	interviews
name something that might make you nervous.	tests
name something that might make you nervous.	public speaking
name something that might make you nervous.	doctors
name something that might make you nervous.	heights
name something that might make you nervous.	needles
name something that gets adjusted.	belt/waistband
name something that gets adjusted.	brassiere
name something that gets adjusted.	tv antennae
name something that gets adjusted.	seat belt
name something that gets adjusted.	seat
name something that gets adjusted.	spine
name something that gets adjusted.	insurance
name an item of junk lying around your house.	newspapers
name an item of junk lying around your house.	magazines
name an item of junk lying around your house.	mail
name an item of junk lying around your house.	car
name an item of junk lying around your house.	tires
name an item of junk lying around your house.	televisions
name something you fill with water.	bathtub
name something you fill with water.	water pitcher
name something you fill with water.	swimming pool
name something you fill with water.	cup
name something you fill with water.	balloon
name a us city in which you would like to live.	new york
name a us city in which you would like to live.	miami
name a us city in which you would like to live.	las vegas
name a us city in which you would like to live.	orlando
name a us city in which you would like to live.	chicago
name a us city in which you would like to live.	los angeles
name something you jump on.	trampoline
name something you jump on.	bed
name something you jump on.	diving board
name something you jump on.	bouncy castle
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	mall
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	grocery store
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	work
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	parent's house
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	party
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	doctor's office
name a place you always spend more time at than you planned to.	friends house
name something that changes color.	chameleon
name something that changes color.	leaves
name something that changes color.	sky
name something that changes color.	eyes
name something that changes color.	hair
name something people consider a snack food.	chips
name something people consider a snack food.	popcorn
name something people consider a snack food.	nuts
name something people consider a snack food.	pretzels
name something people consider a snack food.	apples
name someone you hate getting bad news from.	a relative
name someone you hate getting bad news from.	the doctor
name someone you hate getting bad news from.	irs/tax person
name someone you hate getting bad news from.	a police officer
name someone you hate getting bad news from.	the boss
name someone you hate getting bad news from.	a friend
name something people get stuck in.	traffic
name something people get stuck in.	elevator
name something people get stuck in.	mud
name something people get stuck in.	snowstorm
name something people get stuck in.	relationship
name something people get stuck in.	bills/debt
name something you hope you never run out of.	money
name something you hope you never run out of.	toilet paper
name something you hope you never run out of.	love
name something you hope you never run out of.	time
name something you hope you never run out of.	friends
name something you hope you never run out of.	gasoline
name something women can do for hours on end.	talk/nag
name something women can do for hours on end.	shop
name something women can do for hours on end.	watch tv
name something women can do for hours on end.	read
name a food that gets bigger when you cook it.	bread
name a food that gets bigger when you cook it.	hot dog
name a food that gets bigger when you cook it.	rice
name a food that gets bigger when you cook it.	pasta
name a food that gets bigger when you cook it.	cake
name a food that gets bigger when you cook it.	popcorn
name something people might do to pass time while traveling.	read
name something people might do to pass time while traveling.	sleep
name something people might do to pass time while traveling.	listen to music
name something people might do to pass time while traveling.	play games
name something people might do to pass time while traveling.	sing
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	park
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	construction
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	concert
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	camp ground
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	sporting event
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	parade
name a kind of place where you might see a portapotty.	fair
name something that you'd test out before buying second-hand.	car
name something that you'd test out before buying second-hand.	tv
name a favor friends do for friends.	lend/borrow money
name a favor friends do for friends.	baby-sit children
name a favor friends do for friends.	drive/give ride
name a favor friends do for friends.	house/pet-sit
name a favor friends do for friends.	help them move
name something people do everyday to show their patriotism.	plegde of allegiance
name something people do everyday to show their patriotism.	fly the flag
name something people do everyday to show their patriotism.	pray
name something people do everyday to show their patriotism.	work
name something people do everyday to show their patriotism.	sing anthem
name something you might run out of.	milk
name something you might run out of.	toilet paper
name something you might run out of.	money
name something you might run out of.	petrol
name something you might run out of.	sugar
name something you might run out of.	time
name something that has a keyboard.	computer
name something that has a keyboard.	piano
name something that has a keyboard.	phone
name something that has a keyboard.	typewriter
name an occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers.	anniversary
name an occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers.	valentine's day
name an occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers.	her birthday
name an occasion when a husband should send his wife flowers.	after fight
name a place where you might keep a spare key.	doormat
name a place where you might keep a spare key.	under a rock
name a place where you might keep a spare key.	flower pot
name a place where you might keep a spare key.	next door
name a place where you might keep a spare key.	drawer
name something teens are more likely to do to their appearance than their parents are.	dye their hair
name something teens are more likely to do to their appearance than their parents are.	get a tattoo
name something teens are more likely to do to their appearance than their parents are.	get a piercing
name something in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using.	chair
name something in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using.	toilet
name something in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using.	sofa/couch
name something in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using.	floor
name something in your house you might not want a sumo wrestler using.	table
name a food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants.	pasta
name a food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants.	steak
name a food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants.	hamburgers
name a food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants.	chicken
name a food that you can cook as well as it's cooked in most restaurants.	potatoes/fries
name an animal that grazes.	cow
name an animal that grazes.	horse
name an animal that grazes.	deer
name an animal that grazes.	buffalo
name an animal that grazes.	goat
name an animal that grazes.	sheep
name something you eat by the slice.	pizza
name something you eat by the slice.	bread
name something you eat by the slice.	pie
name something you eat by the slice.	cheese
name something you eat by the slice.	cake
name something you eat by the slice.	watermelon
name a store that is known for its catalogue.	sears
name a store that is known for its catalogue.	jc pennys
name a store that is known for its catalogue.	j. crew
name a store that is known for its catalogue.	victoria's secret
name a store that is known for its catalogue.	neiman marcus
name something kids can do that adults can't.	play
name something kids can do that adults can't.	fit in small places
name something kids can do that adults can't.	cart wheel
name something kids can do that adults can't.	nap
name something kids can do that adults can't.	throw tantrums
name something the lawn mower might accidentally roll over.	rocks
name something the lawn mower might accidentally roll over.	toy
name something the lawn mower might accidentally roll over.	flowers
name something the lawn mower might accidentally roll over.	foot
name something the lawn mower might accidentally roll over.	sprinkler
name something the lawn mower might accidentally roll over.	garden hose
name a tradesperson who helps build a house.	carpenter
name a tradesperson who helps build a house.	builder
name a tradesperson who helps build a house.	plumber
name a tradesperson who helps build a house.	bricklayer
name a tradesperson who helps build a house.	electrician
name a famous man named tim.	tim allen
name a famous man named tim.	tim robbins
name a famous man named tim.	tiny tim
name thing you see on a farm.	cows
name thing you see on a farm.	pigs
name thing you see on a farm.	sheep
name thing you see on a farm.	horses
name thing you see on a farm.	tractor
name a word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe someone's body.	firm
name a word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe someone's body.	soft
name a word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe someone's body.	lumpy
name a word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe someone's body.	hard
name a word you'd use to describe your mattress that could also describe someone's body.	flat
name a color leaves turn in the fall	orange
name a color leaves turn in the fall	red
name a color leaves turn in the fall	yellow
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	sylvester stal
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	clint eastwood
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	mike tyson
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	arnold schwar...
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	john wayne
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	steven seagal
name a famous tough guy who could really take a punch.	muhammad ali
name something specific everyone complains about.	weather
name something specific everyone complains about.	work
name something specific everyone complains about.	money
name something specific everyone complains about.	bills
name something specific everyone complains about.	taxes
name something specific everyone complains about.	traffic
name something specific everyone complains about.	gas prices
name something found in every home.	television
name something found in every home.	refrigerator
name something found in every home.	bathroom
name something found in every home.	kitchen
name something found in every home.	bed
name something that slides easily down your throat.	oyster
name something that slides easily down your throat.	water
name something that slides easily down your throat.	jelly
name something that slides easily down your throat.	icecream
name something that slides easily down your throat.	beer
name something that slides easily down your throat.	honey
name something that's disastrous for crops:	cold
name something that's disastrous for crops:	insects
name something that's disastrous for crops:	drought
name something that's disastrous for crops:	hail
name something firefighters wear.	helmet
name something firefighters wear.	boots
name something firefighters wear.	fireproof coat
name something firefighters wear.	oxygen mask
name an animal that spends as much time in the water as on land.	duck
name an animal that spends as much time in the water as on land.	seal
name an animal that spends as much time in the water as on land.	alligator
name an animal that spends as much time in the water as on land.	turtle
name an animal that spends as much time in the water as on land.	frog
name an animal that spends as much time in the water as on land.	hippo
name something you do every day of your life:	eat
name something you do every day of your life:	brush teeth
name something you do every day of your life:	wake up
name something you do every day of your life:	take shower
name something you do every day of your life:	breathe
name something you do every day of your life:	use bathroom
name something you do every day of your life:	dress
name something you do every day of your life:	sleep
name something parents tells their kids not to waste.	food
name something parents tells their kids not to waste.	water
name something a clown has.	big shoes
name something a clown has.	red nose
name something a clown has.	balloons
name something a clown has.	horn
name a reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner.	a family member
name a reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner.	best friend
name a reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner.	servant
name a reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner.	poor planning
name a reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner.	caught cheating
name a reason why your wife and your mistress might be at the same thanksgiving dinner.	work dinner
name a slang term for someone who informs on a friend.	snitch
name a slang term for someone who informs on a friend.	rat
name a slang term for someone who informs on a friend.	tattletale
name a slang term for someone who informs on a friend.	backstabber
name a slang term for someone who informs on a friend.	nark
name a slang term for someone who informs on a friend.	squealer
name something you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office.	couch
name something you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office.	patients
name something you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office.	diploma
name something you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office.	certificate
name something you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office.	books
name something you'd expect to see in psychiatrist's office.	picture
name a place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush.	toilet
name a place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush.	on the floor
name a place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush.	in the kitchen
name a place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush.	purse
name a place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush.	pocket
name a place where you would not want to keep your toothbrush.	garage
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	lego
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	blocks
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	building blocks
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	erector set
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	set
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	tinker toys
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	toys
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	lincoln logs
name a great toy for a child who likes to build things.	log cabin
name a place dogs hate to go.	veterinarian
name a place dogs hate to go.	groomer/bath
name a place dogs hate to go.	kennel
name a place dogs hate to go.	pound
name a board game you're never too old to play.	monopoly
name a board game you're never too old to play.	scrabble
name a board game you're never too old to play.	checkers
name a board game you're never too old to play.	chess
name a board game you're never too old to play.	parcheesi
name a board game you're never too old to play.	life
name a piece of boxing gear.	gloves
name a piece of boxing gear.	shorts/trunks
name a piece of boxing gear.	mouthpiece
name a piece of boxing gear.	helmet/headgear
name a book that people refer to frequently.	bible
name a book that people refer to frequently.	dictionary
name a book that people refer to frequently.	phone book
name a book that people refer to frequently.	cookbook
name something a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer.	swimming
name something a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer.	camping
name something a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer.	sports
name something a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer.	reading
name something a parent might try to convince their child to try in the summer.	working
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	biscuits
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	cake
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	lollies
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	tea
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	food
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	chocolate
name something grandmas offer you when you're visiting them.	drink
name something specific that you turn over.	pancake
name something specific that you turn over.	mattress
name something specific that you turn over.	page
name something specific that you turn over.	egg
name something specific that you turn over.	money
name something specific that you turn over.	hamburger
name a drink served in its own special glass.	martini
name a drink served in its own special glass.	margarita
name a drink served in its own special glass.	wine
name a drink served in its own special glass.	champagne
name a drink served in its own special glass.	beer
name a sport whose fans attack the athletes.	basketball
name a sport whose fans attack the athletes.	hockey
name a sport whose fans attack the athletes.	football
name a sport whose fans attack the athletes.	soccer
name a sport whose fans attack the athletes.	baseball
name something that people spread:	butter
name something that people spread:	rumors
name something that people spread:	germs
name something that people spread:	peanut butter
name something that people spread:	jam
name something that people spread:	cream cheese
name something that people spread:	lies
name something that people spread:	mayonnaise
name a famous kate or katie.	katie holmes
name a famous kate or katie.	kate smith
name a famous kate or katie.	kate hepburn
name a famous kate or katie.	katie couric
name a famous kate or katie.	kate hudson
name a famous kate or katie.	kate jackson
name a famous kate or katie.	kate winslet
name a famous kate or katie.	kate middleton
name a famous kate or katie.	katy perry
name a quality you find desirable in people.	compassion
name a quality you find desirable in people.	beauty
name a quality you find desirable in people.	humor
name a quality you find desirable in people.	educated
name a quality you find desirable in people.	honesty
name an animal old macdonald has on his farm	cow
name an animal old macdonald has on his farm	pig
name an animal old macdonald has on his farm	duck
name an animal old macdonald has on his farm	chicken
name something a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down.	deer
name something a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down.	accident
name something a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down.	policeman
name something a person sees while driving that would cause them to slow down.	children
name a sport that you have to be in great shape to play.	football
name a sport that you have to be in great shape to play.	basketball
name a sport that you have to be in great shape to play.	soccer
name a sport that you have to be in great shape to play.	tennis
name a sport that you have to be in great shape to play.	baseball
name a sport that you have to be in great shape to play.	hockey
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in.	sports
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in.	cars
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in.	his work
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in.	anything
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in.	computers
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she's interested in.	weather
name something you'd hate to lose at the mall.	purse/wallet
name something you'd hate to lose at the mall.	keys
name something you'd hate to lose at the mall.	car
name something you'd hate to lose at the mall.	kids
name an animal with only 3 letters in its name.	dog
name an animal with only 3 letters in its name.	cat
name an animal with only 3 letters in its name.	pig
name an animal with only 3 letters in its name.	fox
name an animal with only 3 letters in its name.	rat
name a sea creature a pirate might make friends with.	octopus
name a sea creature a pirate might make friends with.	whale
name a sea creature a pirate might make friends with.	dolphin
name a sea creature a pirate might make friends with.	shark
name a sea creature a pirate might make friends with.	mermaid
name a state that you think has the most patriotic americans.	texas
name a state that you think has the most patriotic americans.	new york
name a state that you think has the most patriotic americans.	alabama
name a state that you think has the most patriotic americans.	massachusetts
name a state that you think has the most patriotic americans.	virginia
name a state that you think has the most patriotic americans.	pennsylvania
name something that is better when it is hot.	coffee
name something that is better when it is hot.	soup
name something that is better when it is hot.	pizza
name something that is better when it is hot.	tea
name something that is better when it is hot.	cocoa
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	bus
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	semi
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	limo
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	van
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	suv
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	rv
name a type of vehicle that you'd hate to have to parallel park.	tractor trailer
name something people bring on board boats.	life vest
name something people bring on board boats.	fishing gear
name something people bring on board boats.	food
name something people bring on board boats.	cooler
name something people bring on board boats.	alcohol
name something people bring on board boats.	sunscreen
name a performer or group whose music seems to span over generations.	elvis
name a performer or group whose music seems to span over generations.	elvis presley
name a performer or group whose music seems to span over generations.	presley
name a performer or group whose music seems to span over generations.	sinatra
name a performer or group whose music seems to span over generations.	frank sinatra
name something you know about bees.	make honey
name something you know about bees.	they sting
name something you know about bees.	have a queen bee
name something you know about bees.	sting kills bee
name something you find in the lobby of a post office.	stamps
name something you find in the lobby of a post office.	stamp machine
name something you find in the lobby of a post office.	postcards
name something you find in the lobby of a post office.	mailbox
name something you find in the lobby of a post office.	envelope
name something you find in the lobby of a post office.	boxes
name a reason why fathers want sons.	carry a family name
name a reason why fathers want sons.	play
name a reason why fathers want sons.	pass on legacy
name a reason why fathers want sons.	be just like them
name a reason why fathers want sons.	ego
name a reason why fathers want sons.	live vicariously
name something you would see at a bullfight.	bull
name something you would see at a bullfight.	matador
name something you would see at a bullfight.	red cape
name something you would see at a bullfight.	blood
name something you would see at a bullfight.	crowd
name an occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh".	medical
name an occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh".	mechanic
name an occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh".	construction
name an occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh".	accountant
name an occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh".	scientist
name an occupation where you never want to hear them say, "uh oh".	police officer
name something you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do.	do tricks
name something you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do.	bite her
name something you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do.	run away
name something you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do.	die
name something you'd love to see paris hilton's dog do.	tinkle on her
name another way of saying "goodbye".	see ya
name another way of saying "goodbye".	adios
name another way of saying "goodbye".	so long
name another way of saying "goodbye".	later
name another way of saying "goodbye".	waving
name another way of saying "goodbye".	bye bye
name a reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event.	aggressive/violent
name a reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event.	drunk
name a reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event.	loud/obnoxious
name a reason why a fan might be kicked out of a sporting event.	heckling team
name something a tennis player has.	tennis ball
name something a tennis player has.	tennis racket
name something a tennis player has.	talent
name something a tennis player has.	oppenent
name a part of your body where you hate being tickled.	feet
name a part of your body where you hate being tickled.	armpits
name a part of your body where you hate being tickled.	stomach
name a part of your body where you hate being tickled.	ribs
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	water
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	manure
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	trees
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	mud
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	cactus
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	rocks
name something you'd hate to land on after skydiving.	sand
name something that vampires hate.	sunlight
name something that vampires hate.	garlic
name something that vampires hate.	crucifix
name something that vampires hate.	wooden stakes
name something that vampires hate.	holy water
name something that vampires hate.	mirrors
name an animal that people don't usually eat.	dog
name an animal that people don't usually eat.	deer
name an animal that people don't usually eat.	cats
name an animal that people don't usually eat.	skunks
name an animal that people don't usually eat.	snakes
name a piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using.	monkey bars
name a piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using.	slide
name a piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using.	swing
name a piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using.	merry-go-round
name a piece of kid's playground equipment that parents would probably hurt themselves using.	seesaw
name a food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving.	chicken fingers
name a food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving.	hot dogs
name a food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving.	dessert
name a food that a child might want instead of turkey on thanksgiving.	ham
name someone you might have as an emergency contact.	parents
name someone you might have as an emergency contact.	spouse
name someone you might have as an emergency contact.	siblings
name someone you might have as an emergency contact.	children
name something you might see on a sign on the highway.	speed limits
name something you might see on a sign on the highway.	fast foot restaurants
name something you might see on a sign on the highway.	gas station
name something you might see on a sign on the highway.	public restrooms
name something you might see on a sign on the highway.	exits
name something you might see on a sign on the highway.	hotels
name an animal that lives in a river.	fish
name an animal that lives in a river.	platypus
name an animal that lives in a river.	crocodile
name an animal that lives in a river.	eel
name an animal that lives in a river.	beaver
name an animal that lives in a river.	snake
name something that people pull up.	pants
name something that people pull up.	weeds/plants
name something that people pull up.	underwear
name something that people pull up.	socks
name something that people pull up.	panty hose
name something that people pull up.	zipper
name something that howls.	wolf
name something that howls.	timberwolf
name something that howls.	rottweiler
name something that howls.	puppy
name something that howls.	pooch
name something that howls.	pit bull
name something that howls.	mutt
name something that howls.	mongrel
name something that howls.	cur
name something that howls.	canine
name something that howls.	dog
name something that howls.	coyote
name something that howls.	child
name something that howls.	kid
name something that howls.	offspring
name something that howls.	newborn
name something that howls.	infant
name something that howls.	baby
name something birds have.	wings
name something birds have.	beaks
name something birds have.	feathers
name something birds have.	talons
name an insect that can fly.	fly
name an insect that can fly.	mosquito
name an insect that can fly.	butterfly
name an insect that can fly.	bee
name an insect that can fly.	moth
name an insect that can fly.	grasshopper
name something that is harder to do the older you get.	exercise
name something that is harder to do the older you get.	walk
name something that is harder to do the older you get.	see
name something that is harder to do the older you get.	bend down
name something that is harder to do the older you get.	remember
name something that is harder to do the older you get.	lose weight
name a reason someone might say they love living in las vegas.	gambling
name a reason someone might say they love living in las vegas.	nice weather
name a reason someone might say they love living in las vegas.	entertainment
name a reason someone might say they love living in las vegas.	lots of money
name a reason someone might say they love living in las vegas.	bright lights
name a reason someone might say they love living in las vegas.	cost of living
name something people have to squeeze into.	clothes/shoes
name something people have to squeeze into.	car
name something people have to squeeze into.	restaurant booth
name something people have to squeeze into.	parking space
name something you check everyday.	email
name something you check everyday.	mailbox
name something you check everyday.	time
name something you check everyday.	weather forecast
name something you check everyday.	facebook
name something specfic that people do to calm down after an argument.	take a walk/leave
name something specfic that people do to calm down after an argument.	take deep breath
name something specfic that people do to calm down after an argument.	have a smoke
name something specfic that people do to calm down after an argument.	make up/apologize
name something specfic that people do to calm down after an argument.	count to 10
name something in your home you leave plugged in all the time.	telephone
name something in your home you leave plugged in all the time.	refrigerator
name something in your home you leave plugged in all the time.	lamp
name something in your home you leave plugged in all the time.	clock
name something in your home you leave plugged in all the time.	microwave
name something in your home you leave plugged in all the time.	toaster
name a snack you might keep at your work desk.	popcorn
name a snack you might keep at your work desk.	cookies
name a snack you might keep at your work desk.	pretzels
name a snack you might keep at your work desk.	chocolate bar
name a snack you might keep at your work desk.	peanuts
name a complaint people have about their computers.	slow
name a complaint people have about their computers.	freeze
name something a cyclist would bring with him other than his bicycle	water
name something a cyclist would bring with him other than his bicycle	knife
name a kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds.	restaurant
name a kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds.	bakery/donut shop
name a kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds.	candy shop/maker
name a kind of place you might work where you'd really put on the pounds.	ice cream shop
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	travel/vacation
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	get rich/save $
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	retire
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	exer./lose weight
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	parachute jump
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	get divorced
name something many people plan to do someday but few ever do.	finish school
name something jim carrey is good at making.	faces
name something jim carrey is good at making.	movies
name something jim carrey is good at making.	jokes
name something jim carrey is good at making.	people laugh
name something jim carrey is good at making.	funny sounds
name something jim carrey is good at making.	impressions
name a kind of fish that someone might swallow whole.	goldfish
name a kind of fish that someone might swallow whole.	sardine
name a kind of fish that someone might swallow whole.	guppy
name a kind of fish that someone might swallow whole.	minnow
name a kind of fish that someone might swallow whole.	anchovy
name a food you lick off your fingers.	chicken
name a food you lick off your fingers.	sauce
name a food you lick off your fingers.	chocolate
other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism?	friends
other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism?	boss
other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism?	teacher
other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism?	doctor
other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism?	partner
other than your family members,from whom would you accept criticism?	clergy
other than an alarm, what do people use to wake them up?	cell phone
other than an alarm, what do people use to wake them up?	radio
other than an alarm, what do people use to wake them up?	rooster
other than an alarm, what do people use to wake them up?	sun
other than an alarm, what do people use to wake them up?	cat/dog
other than a job name something for which you fill out an application	credit card
other than a job name something for which you fill out an application	loan
other than a job name something for which you fill out an application	school
other than a job name something for which you fill out an application	housing rental
other than a job name something for which you fill out an application	insurance
other than fight, what does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying?	bad language
other than fight, what does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying?	jump from things
other than fight, what does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying?	yell
other than fight, what does a pro wrestler do that a kid would get in trouble for copying?	throw things
other than boxing name a sport in which youre likely to see athletes fighting	hockey
other than boxing name a sport in which youre likely to see athletes fighting	wrestling
other than boxing name a sport in which youre likely to see athletes fighting	football
other than matches, name something people use to start a fire.	lighter
other than matches, name something people use to start a fire.	sticks
other than matches, name something people use to start a fire.	flint
other than matches, name something people use to start a fire.	lighter fluid
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	5
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	1
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	10
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	8
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	7
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	3
on a scale from 1-10, how happy do you hope your ex is with their life?	2
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	location
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	advancement
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	benefits
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	work environment
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	boss
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	bored
other than money, name a reason you would switch jobs.	hours
other than a song name something that gets stuck in your head.	movie lines
other than a song name something that gets stuck in your head.	phone number
other than a song name something that gets stuck in your head.	name
other than a song name something that gets stuck in your head.	joke
other than a song name something that gets stuck in your head.	dream
other than a song name something that gets stuck in your head.	memory
of all the talk shows, which one has the funniest host?	jay leno
of all the talk shows, which one has the funniest host?	jerry springer
of all the talk shows, which one has the funniest host?	david letterman
of all the talk shows, which one has the funniest host?	oprah winfrey
of all the talk shows, which one has the funniest host?	wayne brady
past or present, name a rock n'roll superstar.	elvis presley
past or present, name a rock n'roll superstar.	mick jagger
past or present, name a rock n'roll superstar.	bruce springsteen
past or present, name a rock n'roll superstar.	jon bon jovi
past or present, name a rock n'roll superstar.	tommy lee
past or present, name an educational tv program for children.	sesame street
past or present, name an educational tv program for children.	mr rogers neighborhood
past or present, name an educational tv program for children.	barney
past or present, name an educational tv program for children.	dora the explorer
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	martin
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	james dean
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	jones
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	anderson
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	cain
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	howard dean
past or present, name a celebrity named "dean".	jimmy dean
real or fictional, name someone who married a prince.	princess diana
real or fictional, name someone who married a prince.	cinderella
real or fictional, name someone who married a prince.	grace kelly
real or fictional, name someone who married a prince.	snow white
real or fictional, name someone who married a prince.	sleeping beauty
real or fictional, name a famous family you'd like to see on family feud.	the simpsons
real or fictional, name a famous family you'd like to see on family feud.	the bush family
real or fictional, name a famous family you'd like to see on family feud.	the osbournes
real or fictional, name a famous family you'd like to see on family feud.	the addams family
real or fictional, name a famous family you'd like to see on family feud.	the jacksons
real or fictional, name a famous family you'd like to see on family feud.	the brady bunch
real or not, name a famous bo.	bo derek
real or not, name a famous bo.	bo jackson
real or not, name a famous bo.	beau bridges
real or not, name a famous bo.	bo duke/"hazzard"
real or not, name a famous bo.	bo diddley
something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable.	thong/g-string
something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable.	high heels
something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable.	bra
something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable.	girdle
something women wear to be sexy that's really uncomfortable.	tight pants
tell me something that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride.	bicycle
tell me something that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride.	roller coaster
tell me something that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride.	skate board
tell me something that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride.	horse
tell me something that kids ride with ease, but an adult would be afraid to ride.	sled
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	snake
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	cat
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	rat
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	pigeon
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	human
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	dog
theyve cloned a sheep name a creature they should never clone because we already have too many	deer
tell me an occupation in which it could be disastrous to fall asleep on the job.	truck driver
tell me an occupation in which it could be disastrous to fall asleep on the job.	pilot
tell me an occupation in which it could be disastrous to fall asleep on the job.	bus driver
tell me something about summer that you look forward to most	swimming/ beach
tell me something about summer that you look forward to most	warm weather
tell me something about summer that you look forward to most	more sun
tell me something about summer that you look forward to most	family vacation
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	pedals
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	seat
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	wheels
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	handlebars
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	chain
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	bell
tell me a part of a bicycle that would be tough to ride without.	brakes
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	40
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	30
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	45
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	35
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	25
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	50
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair. (numeric only)	29
tell me something you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill	tree
tell me something you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill	rock
tell me something you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill	bump
tell me something you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill	people
tell me something you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill	all/fence
tell me something you try to avoid hitting while sledding down a hill	parked car
tell me something you might buy for the prom	dress/tux
tell me something you might buy for the prom	corsage
tell me something you might buy for the prom	shoes
tell me something you might buy for the prom	limo
tell me something a man teaches his son to do	play ball
tell me something a man teaches his son to do	fish/hunt
tell me something a man teaches his son to do	shave
tell me something a man teaches his son to do	drive
tell me something a man teaches his son to do	ride a bike
tell me something a man teaches his son to do	use a bathroom
tell me something a child might complain about on a road trip.	sitting too long
tell me something a child might complain about on a road trip.	need a bathroom
tell me something a child might complain about on a road trip.	hungry
tell me something a child might complain about on a road trip.	bored
tell me something a child might complain about on a road trip.	temperature
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$30
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$25
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$35
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$20
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$40
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$50
tell me how much a room at a cheap motel costs. (use money format $0.00)	$15
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	phone
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	jewelry/watch
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	toothbrush
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	comb/hairbrush
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	keys
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	glasses
tell me something you've accidentally dropped in the toilet.	money
tell me something that you hope is easier to do the second time around.	marriage
tell me something that you hope is easier to do the second time around.	having a baby
tell me something that you hope is easier to do the second time around.	cooking/recipe
tell me something that you hope is easier to do the second time around.	test
tell me something you would let your dog do, but not your child.	pee outside
tell me something you would let your dog do, but not your child.	lick
tell me something you would let your dog do, but not your child.	drink from toilet
tell me something you would let your dog do, but not your child.	eat scraps
tell me something you would let your dog do, but not your child.	run loose
tell me the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only).	13
tell me the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only).	16
tell me the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only).	12
tell me the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only).	15
tell me the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only).	14
tell me the age that a girl stops telling her parents everything (numeric only).	18
tell me which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date.	grumpy
tell me which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date.	sleepy
tell me which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date.	dopey
tell me which of the 7 dwarfs would have the hardest time finding a date.	bashful
tell me something you feel before you buy it	fruit/vegetables
tell me something you feel before you buy it	clothes
tell me something you feel before you buy it	bread
tell me something you feel before you buy it	pillow
tell me something you feel before you buy it	linens
tell me someplace people might go right after work on friday	bar
tell me someplace people might go right after work on friday	home
tell me someplace people might go right after work on friday	restaurant
tell me someplace people might go right after work on friday	movie
tell me a creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night.	rodent
tell me a creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night.	cricket
tell me a creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night.	snake
tell me a creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night.	monster
tell me a creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night.	fly
tell me a creature that you'd hate to hear in your room at night.	mosquito
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	put seat belt on
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	start car
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	close car door
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	keys in ignition
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	lock doors
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	fix mirrors
tell me the first thing you do when you get in your car.	sit down
tell me an activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less.	exercise
tell me an activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less.	eat
tell me an activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less.	talk
tell me an activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less.	work
tell me an activity that some people are told to do more of, and others are told to do less.	sleep
tell me a reason people get married	in love
tell me a reason people get married	pregnant
tell me a reason people get married	stability
tell me a reason people get married	green card
tell me something you hate to wear too short	skirt/dress
tell me something you hate to wear too short	pants
tell me something you hate to wear too short	shorts
tell me something you hate to wear too short	hair
tell me an athlete that people name their pets after.	tiger woods
tell me an athlete that people name their pets after.	michael jordan
tell me an athlete that people name their pets after.	babe ruth
tell me an athlete that people name their pets after.	kobe bryant
tell me an athlete that people name their pets after.	brett favre
tell me something you wish would stop growing so you didn't have to deal with it	hair
tell me something you wish would stop growing so you didn't have to deal with it	nails
tell me something you see a doctor in a movie usually wearing.	stethoscope
tell me something you see a doctor in a movie usually wearing.	lab coat
tell me how much money a man expects to spend on a date.	$50
tell me how much money a man expects to spend on a date.	100
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. #	6
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. #	7
tell me something about "snow white".	lived with 7 dwarfs
tell me something about "snow white".	beautiful
tell me something about "snow white".	ate poison apple
tell me something about "snow white".	disney character
tell me something about "snow white".	married a prince
tell me something that a person might lie about on a loan application.	income/job
tell me something that a person might lie about on a loan application.	credit history
tell me something that a person might lie about on a loan application.	age
tell me something that a person might lie about on a loan application.	criminal record
tell me something you know about ed mcmahon.	losing home
tell me something you know about ed mcmahon.	publisher
tell me something you know about ed mcmahon.	carson's side
tell me something you know about ed mcmahon.	star search
tell me something you know about ed mcmahon.	funny
tell me a special request people make when booking an airline flight.	window seat
tell me a special request people make when booking an airline flight.	aisle seat
tell me a special request people make when booking an airline flight.	first class
tell me a special request people make when booking an airline flight.	meal
tell me a special request people make when booking an airline flight.	bulkhead seat
tell me a bad habit that's difficult to break.	smoking
tell me a bad habit that's difficult to break.	nail biting
tell me a bad habit that's difficult to break.	drinking alcohol
tell me a bad habit that's difficult to break.	gambling
tell me something you hate to admit you did on a saturday night.	stayed home
tell me something you hate to admit you did on a saturday night.	got drunk
tell me something you hate to admit you did on a saturday night.	had a fling
tell me something you hate to admit you did on a saturday night.	gambled/lost $
tell me something you would not like to see getting on a plane.	flames
tell me something you would not like to see getting on a plane.	drunk pilot
tell me something you would not like to see getting on a plane.	bomb
tell me something you would not like to see getting on a plane.	terrorists
tell me something you would not like to see getting on a plane.	guns
tell me something you would not like to see getting on a plane.	crying baby
tell me something parents blame for their kids' bad behavior.	tv/movie video
tell me something parents blame for their kids' bad behavior.	friends
tell me something parents blame for their kids' bad behavior.	school/daycare
tell me something parents blame for their kids' bad behavior.	other parents
tell me something parents blame for their kids' bad behavior.	not feeling well
tell me something parents blame for their kids' bad behavior.	music/music video
tell me a reason someone might move to another state.	job
tell me a reason someone might move to another state.	close to family
tell me a reason someone might move to another state.	climate
tell me a reason someone might move to another state.	cheaper homes
tell me a reason someone might move to another state.	lower taxes
tell me an occupation where you have to touch your customers.	doctor/dentist
tell me an occupation where you have to touch your customers.	hairdress./barber
tell me an occupation where you have to touch your customers.	masseuse
tell me an occupation where you have to touch your customers.	nurse
tell me an occupation where you have to touch your customers.	tailor/clothing
tell me an occupation where you have to touch your customers.	manicurist
tell me something you hate about roommates.	being loud
tell me something you hate about roommates.	messy
tell me something you hate about roommates.	snoring
tell me something you hate about roommates.	talkative
tell me something you hate about roommates.	throws parties
tell me something you might do if you're feeling blue.	cry
tell me something you might do if you're feeling blue.	sleep
tell me something you might do if you're feeling blue.	eat
tell me something you might do if you're feeling blue.	listen to music
tell me something you might do if you're feeling blue.	call a friend
tell me a good job for someone who likes to take care of people.	nurse
tell me a good job for someone who likes to take care of people.	doctor
tell me a place in the u.s. that people go to follow their dreams.	new york
tell me a place in the u.s. that people go to follow their dreams.	los angeles
tell me a place in the u.s. that people go to follow their dreams.	las vegas
tell me a place in the u.s. that people go to follow their dreams.	chicago
tell me something that gets buried.	person/coffin
tell me something that gets buried.	treasure
tell me something that gets buried.	pet
tell me something that gets buried.	plants/roots
tell me something that gets buried.	dog bones
tell me something that gets buried.	hatchet/conflict
tell me something that gets buried.	time capsule
tell me a word you would use when describing abraham lincoln.	tall
tell me a word you would use when describing abraham lincoln.	honest
tell me a word you would use when describing abraham lincoln.	president
tell me a word you would use when describing abraham lincoln.	emancipator
tell me a word you would use when describing abraham lincoln.	money
tell me a word you would use when describing abraham lincoln.	beard
tell me something you might see in a small town diner.	jukebox
tell me something you might see in a small town diner.	wait staff
tell me something you might see in a small town diner.	pies
tell me something you might see in a small town diner.	stools
the number one food item in the world is a fruit. which one is it?	apple
the number one food item in the world is a fruit. which one is it?	banana
the number one food item in the world is a fruit. which one is it?	tomato
the number one food item in the world is a fruit. which one is it?	orange
the number one food item in the world is a fruit. which one is it?	strawberry
the number one food item in the world is a fruit. which one is it?	watermelon
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	spouse
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	friend
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	children
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	mother
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	worst enemy
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	brother
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	boss
tell me someone who always seems to be present whenever you make a fool out of yourself.	in-laws
tell me a famous person named jackie.	kennedy o.
tell me a famous person named jackie.	robinson
tell me a famous person named jackie.	chan
tell me a famous person named jackie.	wilson
tell me a famous person named jackie.	gleason
tell me a famous person named jackie.	joyner-kersee
tell me something you might do to prepare for your first day of school.	haircut
tell me something you might do to prepare for your first day of school.	pick an outfit
tell me something you might do to prepare for your first day of school.	pack backpack
tell me something you might do to prepare for your first day of school.	sleep
tell me an announcement you made that startled your parents.	pregnant
tell me an announcement you made that startled your parents.	engaged/eloped
tell me an announcement you made that startled your parents.	quit school/univ.
tell me an announcement you made that startled your parents.	moving away
tell me an announcement you made that startled your parents.	joined military
tell me an announcement you made that startled your parents.	i'm gay
tell me a kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding.	sneakers
tell me a kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding.	sandals
tell me a kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding.	gym shoes
tell me a kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding.	flip flops
tell me a kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding.	high tops
tell me a kind of shoe you would never wear to a formal wedding.	combat boots
tell me something you buy on valentine's day.	candy
tell me something you buy on valentine's day.	flower
tell me something you buy on valentine's day.	cards
tell me something you buy on valentine's day.	stuffed animals
tell me something you can never find when you need it.	keys
tell me something you can never find when you need it.	remote control
tell me something you can never find when you need it.	pen
tell me something you can never find when you need it.	police officer
tell me something you can never find when you need it.	flashlight
tell me one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster.	water
tell me one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster.	food
tell me one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster.	flashlight
tell me one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster.	batteries
tell me one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster.	insurance
tell me one thing that people run out and buy after a natural disaster.	clothes/shoes
tell me a way in which your office is kinda of like a "soap opera"	gossip
tell me a way in which your office is kinda of like a "soap opera"	affairs
tell me a way in which your office is kinda of like a "soap opera"	fighting
tell me something a lot of your friends have trouble keeping.	secrets
tell me something a lot of your friends have trouble keeping.	money
tell me something a lot of your friends have trouble keeping.	spouse
tell me something a lot of your friends have trouble keeping.	promises
tell me something a lot of your friends have trouble keeping.	job
tell me something a lot of your friends have trouble keeping.	track of time
tell me something the human body had lots of.	hair
tell me something the human body had lots of.	blood
tell me something the human body had lots of.	bones
tell me something the human body had lots of.	cells
tell me something the human body had lots of.	water
tell me someone you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship.	friends
tell me someone you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship.	parents
tell me someone you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship.	children
tell me someone you might spend valentines day with when you are not in a relationship.	pet
tell me something a little boy might do to a little girl if he likes her.	kiss her
tell me something a little boy might do to a little girl if he likes her.	hit her
tell me something a little boy might do to a little girl if he likes her.	tease her
they say money isn't everything. tell me something that's definitely worth more to you than cash.	family
they say money isn't everything. tell me something that's definitely worth more to you than cash.	love
they say money isn't everything. tell me something that's definitely worth more to you than cash.	health
they say money isn't everything. tell me something that's definitely worth more to you than cash.	faith/religion
they say money isn't everything. tell me something that's definitely worth more to you than cash.	jewelry
they say money isn't everything. tell me something that's definitely worth more to you than cash.	friends
tell me a pet that requires very little maintenance.	fish
tell me a pet that requires very little maintenance.	cats
tell me a pet that requires very little maintenance.	birds
tell me a pet that requires very little maintenance.	turtle
tell me a pet that requires very little maintenance.	hamster
tell me a pet that requires very little maintenance.	snake
tell me something you might receive in a gift basket.	fruit
tell me something you might receive in a gift basket.	candy
tell me something you might receive in a gift basket.	lotion
tell me something you might receive in a gift basket.	soap
the politician who wins the election is usually the person with the most what?	votes
the politician who wins the election is usually the person with the most what?	money
the politician who wins the election is usually the person with the most what?	charisma
tell me something you might rent for an hour.	movie/video
tell me something you might rent for an hour.	carpet cleaner
tell me something you might rent for an hour.	car/truck
tell me something you might rent for an hour.	tools
tell me something you might rent for an hour.	hotel room
tell me something you might rent for an hour.	boat
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	three
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	two
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	four
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	one
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	five
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	six
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	eight
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained?	nine
tell me the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	jail
tell me the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	at home
tell me the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	at work
tell me the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	hospital
tell me the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	bars
what do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago?	jeans
what do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago?	flip flops
what do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago?	shorts
what do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago?	mini skirt
what do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago?	tennis shoes
what do people wear to work now that would have been considered too informal 50 years ago?	t shirt
what might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous	child
what might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous	puppy
what might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous	teddy bear
what might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous	woman
what might a hitchhiker take with him in order to seem less dangerous	id
where do many people go to get advice on love?	friends
where do many people go to get advice on love?	parents
where do many people go to get advice on love?	therapist
where do many people go to get advice on love?	pastor
where do many people go to get advice on love?	psychic
where do many people go to get advice on love?	internet
what can you consult for directions when you're lost?	map
what can you consult for directions when you're lost?	gps
what can you consult for directions when you're lost?	gas station attendant
what can you consult for directions when you're lost?	police
what can you consult for directions when you're lost?	compass
what would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview?	shave
what would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview?	remove eye patch
what would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview?	cut hair
what would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview?	change clothes
what would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview?	shower
what would a pirate need to do in order to look presentable for a job interview?	leave parrot home
what do you do when someone says hi, but you're sure you've never met them?	say hi back
what do you do when someone says hi, but you're sure you've never met them?	just smile
what do you do when someone says hi, but you're sure you've never met them?	ignore them
what do you do when someone says hi, but you're sure you've never met them?	ask who they are
which of santas reindeer have names that sound like nicknames for a ladys man	prancer
which of santas reindeer have names that sound like nicknames for a ladys man	dasher
which of santas reindeer have names that sound like nicknames for a ladys man	cupid
which of santas reindeer have names that sound like nicknames for a ladys man	vixen
which of santas reindeer have names that sound like nicknames for a ladys man	dancer
which of santas reindeer have names that sound like nicknames for a ladys man	blitzen
which magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony?	person cut in half
which magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony?	sword swallow
which magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony?	disappearing act
which magic trick would become dangerous if the magician was a phony?	knife throwing
why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house	barking dog
why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house	no one's home
why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house	no soliciting sign
why might a doortodoor salesperson skip a particular house	run down house
what are 2 brothers most likely to fight over?	girls
what are 2 brothers most likely to fight over?	toys
what are 2 brothers most likely to fight over?	clothes
what are 2 brothers most likely to fight over?	tv
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	lord of the rings
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	star wars
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	titanic
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	jaws
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	king kong
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	jurassic park
which movie should only be watched on a giant screen	the matrix
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	art
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	english
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	gym
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	music
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	psychology
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	cooking
which class do students take in college thinking it would be an easy a	drama
when meeting a blind date, name an accessory you might wear so they know it's you.	hat
when meeting a blind date, name an accessory you might wear so they know it's you.	jewelry
when meeting a blind date, name an accessory you might wear so they know it's you.	flower
when meeting a blind date, name an accessory you might wear so they know it's you.	nametag
what do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food?	eat it anyway
what do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food?	pretend to eat it
what do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food?	excuse yourself
what do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food?	say "not hungry"
what do you do if you're eating at a friend's house, and don't like the food?	be honest
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	tony
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	don
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	joey
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	frank
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	scarface
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	al
which man's name are you likely to hear in mafia movie?	vinny
what activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm?	bathing
what activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm?	swimming
what activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm?	cooking
what activity don't you start doing until the water gets warm?	dishes
what would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car	accident
what would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car	break down
what would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car	flat tire
what would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car	rain
what would you hate to have happen when driving home in a brand new car	run out of gas
which item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it	jeans
which item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it	shirt
which item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it	coat
which item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it	bra
which item of clothing will you wear more than once before washing it	socks
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	scream
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	cry
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	jump
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	smile
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	faint
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	laugh
whatspecifically might someone do when they walk into their surprise party	gasp
what do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car?	be quiet
what do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car?	buckle up
what do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car?	sit down
what do parents instruct their children to do while riding in the car?	keep still
what must a town have to make it a popular winter destination?	snow
what must a town have to make it a popular winter destination?	skiing
what must a town have to make it a popular winter destination?	resorts
what must a town have to make it a popular winter destination?	mountains
where specifically would you most hate to find ants	kitchen
where specifically would you most hate to find ants	bed
where specifically would you most hate to find ants	pants
where specifically would you most hate to find ants	picnic
what reason would most people give for why they drink coffee	stay awake
what reason would most people give for why they drink coffee	like the taste
what reason would most people give for why they drink coffee	energy
what reason would most people give for why they drink coffee	addicted
what might a financial expert tell you to put your money into?	stocks
what might a financial expert tell you to put your money into?	savings account
what might a financial expert tell you to put your money into?	cd
what might a financial expert tell you to put your money into?	bonds
what might a financial expert tell you to put your money into?	ira
what might a financial expert tell you to put your money into?	401k
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	chips
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	cookies
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	ice cream
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	pizza
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	sandwich
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	cereal
which foods are you most likely to grab for a late night snack	popcorn
what's the first symptom you get when starting a cold?	runny nose
what's the first symptom you get when starting a cold?	cough
what's the first symptom you get when starting a cold?	sneeze
what's the first symptom you get when starting a cold?	sore throat
what's the first symptom you get when starting a cold?	fever
what's the first symptom you get when starting a cold?	drowsiness
when you've had a bad day, name something you're told to do to make you feel better.	lay down
when you've had a bad day, name something you're told to do to make you feel better.	drink
when you've had a bad day, name something you're told to do to make you feel better.	smile
when you've had a bad day, name something you're told to do to make you feel better.	eat
when you've had a bad day, name something you're told to do to make you feel better.	cry
when you've had a bad day, name something you're told to do to make you feel better.	talk about it
whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal	police officer
whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal	president's
whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal	his parent's
whose car would a thief be unlikely to steal	cab driver's
what kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby?	ice/speed skater
what kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby?	football player
what kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby?	hockey player
what kind of athlete would have an unfair advantage in a roller derby?	runner
which part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first	comics
which part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first	sports
which part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first	horoscope
which part of a newspaper would a teenager likely read first	entertainment
which question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion?	what do you do
which question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion?	how are you
which question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion?	kids
which question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion?	married yet
which question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion?	whoare you
which question do you think is asked the most at a high school reunion?	where do you live
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	hot
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	beautiful
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	sexy
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	pretty
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	gorgeous
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	handsome
what word would you use to describe a very attractive person	cute
what might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out?	scream
what might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out?	get into fight
what might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out?	argue with ref
what might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out?	swear
what might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out?	insult players
what might an overboard soccer mom do at a game that causes her to be thrown out?	bother coach
what might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot?	walk away
what might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot?	leave store
what might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot?	no eye contact
what might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot?	use cell phone
what might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot?	hide
what might you do to avoid being approached by a pushy salesperson at a car lot?	ask to be alone
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	doctor
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	police
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	teacher
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	lawyer
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	accountant
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	librarian
which profession is least likely to have a wild night life after work	clergy
who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets?	friend
who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets?	relative
who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets?	partner
who might you pool money with to buy lottery tickets?	co workers
what is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods?	run away
what is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods?	scream
what is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods?	freeze
what is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods?	hide
what is the first thing people do if they encounter a bear in the woods?	shoot it
what might a poker player do to make bluffing easier?	wear sunglasses
what might a poker player do to make bluffing easier?	kepp a straight face
what might a poker player do to make bluffing easier?	drink
what might a poker player do to make bluffing easier?	look away
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	canada
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	mexico
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	puerto rico
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	england
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	australia
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	france
which country would you want to become the 51st american state?	italy
what complaints do people make about the christmas holiday	expense
what complaints do people make about the christmas holiday	nosey/pesky relatives
what complaints do people make about the christmas holiday	traffic/traveling
what complaints do people make about the christmas holiday	crowds
what complaints do people make about the christmas holiday	holiday food
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	library
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	bedroom
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	bathroom
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	park
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	church
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	beach
where do you gospecificallyto find peace and quiet	spa
which part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working	beard
which part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working	pants
which part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working	wig
which part of his santa costume would a mall santa be humiliated to lose while working	hat
what might you see out your airplane window?	sky/clouds
what might you see out your airplane window?	birds
what might you see out your airplane window?	body of water
what might you see out your airplane window?	land
what might you see out your airplane window?	wings
what might you see out your airplane window?	another plane
what do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known	sing carols
what do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known	show affection
what do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known	dance
what do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known	play family games
what do teenagers do with their families at the christmas holiday that they probably would be embarassed to have known	pose for pictures
what do bosses let slide on fridays?	dress code
what do bosses let slide on fridays?	leaving early
what do bosses let slide on fridays?	being late
what do bosses let slide on fridays?	workload
why might someone prefer online dating over meeting in a bar?	they're shy
why might someone prefer online dating over meeting in a bar?	not just about looks
why might someone prefer online dating over meeting in a bar?	it's safer
why might someone prefer online dating over meeting in a bar?	convenience
why might someone prefer online dating over meeting in a bar?	people are sober
what might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman?	can fly
what might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman?	wears cape
what might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman?	no kryptonite
what might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman?	has xray vision
what might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman?	strong
what might you see in a personals ad that would make you think it was placed by superman?	hero
while looking for a new home, what would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have?	bathroom
while looking for a new home, what would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have?	kitchen
while looking for a new home, what would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have?	roof
while looking for a new home, what would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have?	garage
while looking for a new home, what would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have?	doors
while looking for a new home, what would you be surprised to find that a house didn't have?	basement
what are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race?	crash
what are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race?	flat tire
what are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race?	drives slow
what are some reasons that a racecar driver might lose a race?	ran out of gas
who makes the best burgers?	mcdonald's
who makes the best burgers?	burger king
who makes the best burgers?	wendy's
who makes the best burgers?	in-n-out
who makes the best burgers?	sonic
who makes the best burgers?	mom
who makes the best burgers?	checkers
who makes the best burgers?	dairy queen
what clubs would you imagine bill gates was a member of in high school	computer
what clubs would you imagine bill gates was a member of in high school	chess
what clubs would you imagine bill gates was a member of in high school	math
which breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs?	poodle
which breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs?	german shephard
which breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs?	great dane
which breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs?	greyhound
which breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs?	labrador retriever
which breed of dog is the supermodel of dogs?	golden retriever
when you're at a restaurant, name something you do not want to see your waiter do.	send us your answers!
when you're at a restaurant, name something you do not want to see your waiter do.	picking their nose
what do people do while while watching a sports game.	eat snacks
what do people do while while watching a sports game.	cheer
what do people do while while watching a sports game.	drink
we surveyed 100 men...give me the name of a famous female sex symbol.	marilyn monroe
we surveyed 100 men...give me the name of a famous female sex symbol.	pamela anderson
we surveyed 100 men...give me the name of a famous female sex symbol.	angelina jolie
we surveyed 100 men...give me the name of a famous female sex symbol.	sophia loren
we surveyed 100 men...give me the name of a famous female sex symbol.	cindy crawford
what might a bankrobber do in order to make an escape?	run
what might a bankrobber do in order to make an escape?	drive car
who is the celebrity you would most hate to sit next to on a long flight?	roseanne barr
who is the celebrity you would most hate to sit next to on a long flight?	jim carrey
which cartoon character would you most want to hang out with.	bugs bunny
which cartoon character would you most want to hang out with.	scooby-doo
which cartoon character would you most want to hang out with.	mickey mouse
which cartoon character would you most want to hang out with.	bars simpson
which occupation in america deserves to earn the most money?	teacher
which occupation in america deserves to earn the most money?	doctor
which occupation in america deserves to earn the most money?	police officer
which occupation in america deserves to earn the most money?	military
which occupation in america deserves to earn the most money?	firefighter
which occupation in america deserves to earn the most money?	mother
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something your husband does every weekend.	watch tv/sports
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something your husband does every weekend.	play sports/fish
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something your husband does every weekend.	sleep/lounge
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something your husband does every weekend.	do yard work
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something your husband does every weekend.	drink
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something your husband does every weekend.	housework/laundry
when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call?	the parents
when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call?	preacher/church
when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call?	the caterer
when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call?	wedding planner
when a couple decides to cancel their wedding, who gets the first call?	the bridal party
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	money/wallet
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	car
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	family/spouse
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	identity
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	jewelry
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	dignity/integrity
what would be the worst thing to have stolen from you?	your life
which part of the body can be used as a weapon?	hand
which part of the body can be used as a weapon?	arms
which school subject do you think is most useful in real life?	math
which school subject do you think is most useful in real life?	english
which school subject do you think is most useful in real life?	reading
which school subject do you think is most useful in real life?	history
which school subject do you think is most useful in real life?	science
who's got the biggest ego in america?	president bush
who's got the biggest ego in america?	donald trump
who's got the biggest ego in america?	tom cruise
who's got the biggest ego in america?	bill clinton
who's got the biggest ego in america?	simon cowell
who's got the biggest ego in america?	paris hilton
when money is tight, name something families postpone doing.	vacation
when money is tight, name something families postpone doing.	movie
when money is tight, name something families postpone doing.	shopping
when money is tight, name something families postpone doing.	eating out
when money is tight, name something families postpone doing.	remodeling
when money is tight, name something families postpone doing.	paying bills
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	cooking
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	housework/ironing
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	making love
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	decorating
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	driving/directions
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	shopping
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	child bearing
what do most women expect most men to be really bad at?	dressing well
what would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party?	stereo
what would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party?	fridge
what would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party?	oven
what would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party?	power
what would you hope doesn't break down just before you host a big party?	bbq
where do you think a kid might think a monster could be hiding?	under the bed
where do you think a kid might think a monster could be hiding?	closets
where do you think a kid might think a monster could be hiding?	basements
what do you like best about sundays?	church
what do you like best about sundays?	sleeping
what do you like best about sundays?	watching tv
what do you like best about sundays?	family time
what do you like best about sundays?	no work
what kind of movies do you rent most?	comedy
what kind of movies do you rent most?	horror
what kind of movies do you rent most?	action/adventure
what kind of movies do you rent most?	drama
what kind of movies do you rent most?	romance
what kind of movies do you rent most?	mystery/thriller
we surveyed 100 men...name something of yours that's dirty.	my clothes/shoes
we surveyed 100 men...name something of yours that's dirty.	my car
we surveyed 100 men...name something of yours that's dirty.	my floor/room
we surveyed 100 men...name something of yours that's dirty.	my body
we surveyed 100 men...name something of yours that's dirty.	my dishes
we surveyed 100 men...name something of yours that's dirty.	my mind
what does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work?	surfing the net
what does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work?	talking
what does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work?	avoiding work
what does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work?	sitting
what does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work?	sleeping
what does a lazy person spend most of their time doing at work?	playing games
what can you have layers of?	clothing
what can you have layers of?	skin
what can you have layers of?	cake
what can you have layers of?	fat
what can you have layers of?	hair
what can you have layers of?	blakets
what might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around?	fighting
what might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around?	crying
what might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around?	complaining
what might the kids be doing in the backseat to make mom say she's turning the car around?	kicking seat
what one thing about a vacation costs the most money?	lodging
what one thing about a vacation costs the most money?	airfare
what one thing about a vacation costs the most money?	food
what one thing about a vacation costs the most money?	gas
what job might a mom be asking of her husband when she passes the baby and says "your turn"?	change diaper
what job might a mom be asking of her husband when she passes the baby and says "your turn"?	feed baby
what job might a mom be asking of her husband when she passes the baby and says "your turn"?	put baby to bed
which airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories?	pilot
which airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories?	flight attendant
which airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories?	baggage checker
which airline employee probably has the most exciting work stories?	traffic controller
what might your cell phone say to you if it could talk?	get off me
what might your cell phone say to you if it could talk?	charge me
what might your cell phone say to you if it could talk?	hello
what might your cell phone say to you if it could talk?	answer me
what might your cell phone say to you if it could talk?	stop texting
what might your cell phone say to you if it could talk?	shut up
when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go?	on the floor
when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go?	clothes/bibs
when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go?	on their faces
when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go?	on laps/bodies
when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go?	high chair/tray
when toddlers feed themselves, where does most of the food go?	in their hair
what do people dislike the most about riding the bus?	crowded
what do people dislike the most about riding the bus?	time spent
what do people dislike the most about riding the bus?	smell
what do people dislike the most about riding the bus?	waiting
what do people dislike the most about riding the bus?	emissions
what do people dislike the most about riding the bus?	noise
what would you do if you found a lost wallet at a store	return it
what would you do if you found a lost wallet at a store	keep it
when you're on a plane flight, name something you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit.	sleeping
when you're on a plane flight, name something you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit.	drinking
when you're on a plane flight, name something you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit.	daydreaming
when you're on a plane flight, name something you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit.	reading
when you're on a plane flight, name something you worry the pilot is doing in the cockpit.	smoking
what's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger?	mace/pepper spray
what's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger?	hit/kick him
what's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger?	yell/scream
what's the best way for a woman to defend herself from a mugger?	gun
what excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls?	busy
what excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls?	didn't get message
what excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls?	forgot
what excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls?	turned off
what excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls?	late
what excuse do people use when they do not return phone calls?	asleep
we surveyed 100 men...tell me one household duty you just refuse to perform.	wash dishes
we surveyed 100 men...tell me one household duty you just refuse to perform.	clean bathroom
we surveyed 100 men...tell me one household duty you just refuse to perform.	do laundry
we surveyed 100 men...tell me one household duty you just refuse to perform.	mop/scrub floor
we surveyed 100 men...tell me one household duty you just refuse to perform.	take out garbage
what is hell to you?	hot
what is hell to you?	fire
what is hell to you?	work
what is hell to you?	the devil
what is hell to you?	bad
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	coffee maker
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	birds
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	children
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	radio
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	tv
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	shower
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	toilet
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	spouse
what's the first thing making noise in the morning besides your alarm?	traffic
we surveyed 100 women...name something you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on.	lingerie/nightie
we surveyed 100 women...name something you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on.	perfume/cologne
we surveyed 100 women...name something you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on.	sexy dress
we surveyed 100 women...name something you bought because it was guaranteed to turn a man on.	sexy high heels
when kids ask where babies come from name an answer that parents give.	the stork
when kids ask where babies come from name an answer that parents give.	heaven
when kids ask where babies come from name an answer that parents give.	a cabbage patch
when kids ask where babies come from name an answer that parents give.	mom's tummy
when kids ask where babies come from name an answer that parents give.	the hospital
when kids ask where babies come from name an answer that parents give.	santa claus
who do you think is the most envied woman in the world?	angelina jolie
who do you think is the most envied woman in the world?	oprah winfrey
who do you think is the most envied woman in the world?	michelle obama
who do you think is the most envied woman in the world?	paris hilton
who do you think is the most envied woman in the world?	elizabeth taylor
who do you think is the most envied woman in the world?	madonna
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	vegetables
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	meat
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	dairy
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	rice
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	fish
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	eggs
what are the most popular gluten free foods?	soy
we surveyed 100 married women...if your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, what's the first thing you would do monday morning?	see lawyer/file
we surveyed 100 married women...if your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, what's the first thing you would do monday morning?	leave house
we surveyed 100 married women...if your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, what's the first thing you would do monday morning?	kick him out
we surveyed 100 married women...if your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, what's the first thing you would do monday morning?	clean out bank
we surveyed 100 married women...if your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, what's the first thing you would do monday morning?	change locks
we surveyed 100 married women...if your husband asked you for a divorce sunday night, what's the first thing you would do monday morning?	ask him why?
which of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all?	gas
which of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all?	telephone
which of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all?	cable
which of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all?	credit cards
which of your bills seems to keep going up for no reason at all?	food
what excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"dog ate it"
what excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"forgot"
what excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"was sick"
what excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"lost it"
what excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	"computer broke"
what excuse would a kid give their teacher for not turning in their homework?	don't have books
which country has the smartest men?	united states
which country has the smartest men?	china
which country has the smartest men?	japan
which country has the smartest men?	germany
which country has the smartest men?	italy
who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete?	tiger woods
who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete?	brett favre
who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete?	michael jordan
who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete?	lance armstrong
who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete?	alex rodriguez
who do you think is presently the greatest american athlete?	peyton manning
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	fixing things/car
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	housework/laundry
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	cooking
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	making money
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	making love
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	driving
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	take care of kids
we surveyed 100 married women...name something you wish your husband was an expert at doing.	yard work
apart from horses, name something you might see at a horse race.	jockeys
apart from horses, name something you might see at a horse race.	hats
apart from horses, name something you might see at a horse race.	people
apart from horses, name something you might see at a horse race.	bookies
apart from horses, name something you might see at a horse race.	punters
according to women: what do men consider more important than marriage?	career
according to women: what do men consider more important than marriage?	money
according to women: what do men consider more important than marriage?	other women
according to women: what do men consider more important than marriage?	sports
according to women: what do men consider more important than marriage?	cars
according to women: what do men consider more important than marriage?	freedom
at what age are children the most rebellious?	16
at what age are children the most rebellious?	13
at what age are children the most rebellious?	15
at what age are children the most rebellious?	12
at what age are children the most rebellious?	2
at what age does a child first stay home alone?	12
at what age does a child first stay home alone?	13
at what age does a child first stay home alone?	10
at what age does a child first stay home alone?	14
at what age does a child first stay home alone?	11
at what age does a child first stay home alone?	15
according to single men: name something you hate women giving you advice about.	women
according to single men: name something you hate women giving you advice about.	marriage
according to single men: name something you hate women giving you advice about.	clothes
according to single men: name something you hate women giving you advice about.	money
according to single men: name something you hate women giving you advice about.	parenting
according to single men: name something you hate women giving you advice about.	driving
after their parents say no name something kids do to get what they want.	cry/whine
after their parents say no name something kids do to get what they want.	beg
after their parents say no name something kids do to get what they want.	tantrum/scream
after their parents say no name something kids do to get what they want.	ask someone else
after their parents say no name something kids do to get what they want.	pout
at what age would most men like to get married?	thirty
at what age would most men like to get married?	twenty-five
at what age would most men like to get married?	thirty-five
at what age would most men like to get married?	twenty-six
at what age would most men like to get married?	twenty-eight
besides gamble name something people do in las vegas	drink
besides gamble name something people do in las vegas	get married
besides gamble name something people do in las vegas	eat
besides gamble name something people do in las vegas	see shows
besides gamble name something people do in las vegas	shop
besides a book, tell me a good gift for someone who loves to read.	mag./subscription
besides a book, tell me a good gift for someone who loves to read.	book light
besides a book, tell me a good gift for someone who loves to read.	e reader
besides a book, tell me a good gift for someone who loves to read.	bookmark
besides a book, tell me a good gift for someone who loves to read.	book shelf
besides a wild cat, name something that "roars."	engine
besides a wild cat, name something that "roars."	bear
besides a wild cat, name something that "roars."	crowd
besides a wild cat, name something that "roars."	waterfall/water
besides a wild cat, name something that "roars."	fire
besides a wild cat, name something that "roars."	thunder
besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag?	school
besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag?	outside of house
besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag?	on a car
besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag?	side of a building
besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag?	display case
besides on top of a flag pole, where else would you see the american flag?	on a uniform
besides clothes name something people pack in their suitcase when traveling	toothbrush/paste
besides clothes name something people pack in their suitcase when traveling	hairbrush/comb
besides clothes name something people pack in their suitcase when traveling	hair dryer
besides clothes name something people pack in their suitcase when traveling	razor
besides clothes name something people pack in their suitcase when traveling	alarm clock
besides clothes name something people pack in their suitcase when traveling	make up
by what method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant	over dinner
by what method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant	with a party
by what method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant	in an email
by what method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant	send out announcements
by what method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant	by phone
by what method might a woman make the announcement that shes pregnant	in person
besides toys, name something a kid might receive at christmas.	clothes
besides toys, name something a kid might receive at christmas.	books
besides toys, name something a kid might receive at christmas.	bike
besides jewelry, name something a person might wear around their neck.	scarf
besides jewelry, name something a person might wear around their neck.	tie
besides jewelry, name something a person might wear around their neck.	identification
besides jewelry, name something a person might wear around their neck.	brace
besides jewelry, name something a person might wear around their neck.	keys
besides jewelry, name something a person might wear around their neck.	glasses
besides video games, name another kind of game you can play at an arcade.	pinball
besides video games, name another kind of game you can play at an arcade.	foosball
besides video games, name another kind of game you can play at an arcade.	air hockey
besides video games, name another kind of game you can play at an arcade.	basket ball
besides video games, name another kind of game you can play at an arcade.	skee ball
besides money, name something you wish you had more of.	time
besides money, name something you wish you had more of.	love
besides money, name something you wish you had more of.	room in house
besides money, name something you wish you had more of.	friends
besides money, name something you wish you had more of.	good health
besides money, name something you wish you had more of.	clothes
besides balls, name something a juggler might juggle:	bowling pins
besides balls, name something a juggler might juggle:	fruit
besides balls, name something a juggler might juggle:	knives
besides balls, name something a juggler might juggle:	plates
besides balls, name something a juggler might juggle:	rings
beside people, name something you'd try to save if your house was on fire.	pets
beside people, name something you'd try to save if your house was on fire.	pictures
beside people, name something you'd try to save if your house was on fire.	purse
beside people, name something you'd try to save if your house was on fire.	clothes
beside people, name something you'd try to save if your house was on fire.	important papers
besides skis, name something people use on a ski slope?	snowboard
besides skis, name something people use on a ski slope?	poles
besides skis, name something people use on a ski slope?	lift
besides skis, name something people use on a ski slope?	sled
besides skis, name something people use on a ski slope?	snowmobile
besides skis, name something people use on a ski slope?	ski mask
besides food, name something you might find in a picnic basket.	napkins
besides food, name something you might find in a picnic basket.	beverages
besides food, name something you might find in a picnic basket.	ants
besides food, name something you might find in a picnic basket.	blanket
besides food, name something you might find in a picnic basket.	silverware
besides food, name something you might find in a picnic basket.	cups
besides a napkin, name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	shirt
besides a napkin, name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	paper towel
besides a napkin, name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	handkerchief
besides a napkin, name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	towel
besides a napkin, name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	hands
besides a napkin, name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	wet rag
besides students, name something you see in most high school hallways.	lockers
besides students, name something you see in most high school hallways.	teachers
besides hot dogs name something a hot dog vendor might have on his cart.	mustard
besides hot dogs name something a hot dog vendor might have on his cart.	chips
besides hot dogs name something a hot dog vendor might have on his cart.	drinks
besides hot dogs name something a hot dog vendor might have on his cart.	buns
besides hot dogs name something a hot dog vendor might have on his cart.	ketchup
besides hot dogs name something a hot dog vendor might have on his cart.	relish
complete this sentence: most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great...	personality
complete this sentence: most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great...	body
complete this sentence: most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great...	job/big wallet
complete this sentence: most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great...	car
complete this sentence: most girls would love to go out with a guy who has a great...	smile
complete the phrase, "lost in..."	space
complete the phrase, "lost in..."	translation
complete the phrase, "lost in..."	love
complete the phrase, "lost in..."	paradise
complete the phrase, "lost in..."	thought
despite its beauty name a reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii	too hot
despite its beauty name a reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii	expensive
despite its beauty name a reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii	volcano
despite its beauty name a reason why you wouldnt want to live in hawaii	far away
dogs chase cars. what do people chase?	people/kids
dogs chase cars. what do people chase?	money
dogs chase cars. what do people chase?	dreams
dogs chase cars. what do people chase?	buses
dogs chase cars. what do people chase?	ambulances
dogs chase cars. what do people chase?	pets
excluding your fellow humans, name something you love dearly.	pets
excluding your fellow humans, name something you love dearly.	days off
excluding your fellow humans, name something you love dearly.	food
excluding your fellow humans, name something you love dearly.	family photos
excluding your fellow humans, name something you love dearly.	naps
excluding your fellow humans, name something you love dearly.	home
fill in the blank: there is nothing more important in life than ____.	love
fill in the blank: there is nothing more important in life than ____.	money
fill in the blank: there is nothing more important in life than ____.	family
fill in the blank: there is nothing more important in life than ____.	good health
fill in the blank: there is nothing more important in life than ____.	a friend
fact or fiction, name someone connected with an apple.	adam and eve
fact or fiction, name someone connected with an apple.	johnny appleseed
fact or fiction, name someone connected with an apple.	snow white
fact or fiction, name someone connected with an apple.	sir isaac newton
fact or fiction, name someone connected with an apple.	william tell
fact or fiction, name someone connected with an apple.	steve jobs
give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog."	dog days
give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog."	doggone it
give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog."	dog-eat-dog world
give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog."	what's up, dawg?
give me an everyday expression that uses the word "dog."	you dog
give me a saying that includes the word "devil."	... made me do it
give me a saying that includes the word "devil."	devil may care
give me a saying that includes the word "devil."	devil's advocate
give me a saying that includes the word "devil."	deviled eggs
give me a saying that includes the word "devil."	you little devil
give me a saying that includes the word "devil."	with a blue dress
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouthwash
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouth off
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouth-to-mouth
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouthpiece
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouth of a river
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouthguard
give me a word or phrase beginning with the word "mouth."	mouthwatering
give me a name for someone who has to know everybody's business.	"nosy"
give me a name for someone who has to know everybody's business.	"busy body"
give me a name for someone who has to know everybody's business.	"gossip"
give me a name for someone who has to know everybody's business.	"snoop"
give me a slang term for someone who is afraid.	scaredy cat
give me a slang term for someone who is afraid.	yellow belly
give me a slang term for someone who is afraid.	wuss
give me a slang term for someone who is afraid.	chicken
how can you tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold?	turns skin green
how can you tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold?	bite it/bendable
how can you tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold?	scratches easily
how can you tell the jewelry your partner gives you is made of fake gold?	have it appraised
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	6
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	4
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	8
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	3
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	12
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	5
how many hours does it take to drive across your state?	10
if there was a fire at the zoo, name an animal a fireman would have trouble carrying out by himself.	elephant
if there was a fire at the zoo, name an animal a fireman would have trouble carrying out by himself.	lion
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	cook dinner
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	give a massage
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	giver her flowers
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	prepare a bath
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	take her out
if a husband found out that his wife had a bad day at work, name something he might do to make her feel better.	comfort her
instead of a dollar, what might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth?	gold coin
instead of a dollar, what might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth?	eye patch
instead of a dollar, what might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth?	sword
instead of a dollar, what might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth?	hook
instead of a dollar, what might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth?	jewels
instead of a dollar, what might a pirate's kid find under her pillow when she loses a tooth?	parrot
in which profession might you have a large assortment of wigs?	actor
in which profession might you have a large assortment of wigs?	hair stylist
in which profession might you have a large assortment of wigs?	model
in which profession might you have a large assortment of wigs?	clown
if water became as expensive as gas name something youd do a lot less of	shower
if water became as expensive as gas name something youd do a lot less of	drink
if water became as expensive as gas name something youd do a lot less of	water lawn
if water became as expensive as gas name something youd do a lot less of	laundry/wash
if water became as expensive as gas name something youd do a lot less of	swim
if water became as expensive as gas name something youd do a lot less of	flush
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	driving to fast
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	wash me
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	not enough gas
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	being run too much
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	irregular oil change
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	too much weight
if your car could talk name something it might complain about	left in the rain
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job what excuse might you give for having your closed eyes	thinking/ concentrating
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job what excuse might you give for having your closed eyes	headache/ allergies
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job what excuse might you give for having your closed eyes	praying/ meditating
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job what excuse might you give for having your closed eyes	something in eye
if your boss finds you sleeping on the job what excuse might you give for having your closed eyes	contact lens/ dry eyes
if youre driving in the middle of no where what animal might you see crossing the street	deer
if youre driving in the middle of no where what animal might you see crossing the street	cow
if youre driving in the middle of no where what animal might you see crossing the street	moose
if youre driving in the middle of no where what animal might you see crossing the street	rat
if you were turned into a bee, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	make honey
if you were turned into a bee, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	fly
if you were turned into a bee, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	sting
if you were turned into a bee, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	collect pollen
if a person is a driver for a living what specific type of vehicle might he drive?	semi truck
if a person is a driver for a living what specific type of vehicle might he drive?	bus
if a person is a driver for a living what specific type of vehicle might he drive?	limo
if a person is a driver for a living what specific type of vehicle might he drive?	race car
if a person is a driver for a living what specific type of vehicle might he drive?	taxi
if fred flintstone was your neighbor name something you wouldnt ask to borrow	car
if fred flintstone was your neighbor name something you wouldnt ask to borrow	clothes/shoes
if fred flintstone was your neighbor name something you wouldnt ask to borrow	food
if fred flintstone was your neighbor name something you wouldnt ask to borrow	lawn mower
if fred flintstone was your neighbor name something you wouldnt ask to borrow	phone
if you were friends with nancy drew, what might you buy for her birthday?	magnifying glass
if you were friends with nancy drew, what might you buy for her birthday?	book
if you were friends with nancy drew, what might you buy for her birthday?	notebook
if you were friends with nancy drew, what might you buy for her birthday?	pen
if you were friends with nancy drew, what might you buy for her birthday?	flashlight
if you were friends with nancy drew, what might you buy for her birthday?	detectives hat
instead of having a shouting match name another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement	silent treatment
instead of having a shouting match name another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement	fight
instead of having a shouting match name another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement	walk away
instead of having a shouting match name another tactic a person might use to win a disagreement	cry
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	made of cheese
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	man lives in it
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	round
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	astronauts landed
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	big
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	bright
if you asked a six-year-old, name something they'd tell you about the moon.	far away
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	big bird
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	elmo
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	oscar
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	cookie monster
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	ernie
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	grover
if you lived on sesame street which character would get on your nerves	bert
if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it?	bus
if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it?	drive anyway
if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it?	walk
if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it?	ask a friend
if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it?	take a cab
if your license has expired, how do you get to the dmv to renew it?	bike
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark what would you do	sneak out
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark what would you do	finish the date
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark what would you do	make up an excuse
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark what would you do	be honest
if your blind date walked in and you didnt feel a spark what would you do	hide
if you were stranded with other people on an island, which useful occupations would you want them to have?	doctor
if you were stranded with other people on an island, which useful occupations would you want them to have?	carpentry
if you were stranded with other people on an island, which useful occupations would you want them to have?	cook
if you were stranded with other people on an island, which useful occupations would you want them to have?	farmer
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, name a new part you'd want.	abdomen
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, name a new part you'd want.	chest
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, name a new part you'd want.	back
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, name a new part you'd want.	legs
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, name a new part you'd want.	derriere
if your body could be fixed as easily as the body of a car, name a new part you'd want.	eyes
if you were running for president of the united states, tell me an issue you'd be expected to take a stand on.	war
if you were running for president of the united states, tell me an issue you'd be expected to take a stand on.	taxes
if you wanted to break out of jail, name something you might tell your mom to bake in a cake.	file
if you wanted to break out of jail, name something you might tell your mom to bake in a cake.	hack saw
if you wanted to break out of jail, name something you might tell your mom to bake in a cake.	chisel
if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation?	oprah winfrey
if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation?	dr. phil
if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation?	rosie o'donnell
if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation?	barbara walters
if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation?	tyra banks
if all the talk show hosts were at a dinner party, who would monopolize the conversation?	jay leno
if the tables were turned, name something about dr. phil a guest might criticize.	arrogance
if the tables were turned, name something about dr. phil a guest might criticize.	baldness
if the tables were turned, name something about dr. phil a guest might criticize.	marriage
if the tables were turned, name something about dr. phil a guest might criticize.	weight
if the tables were turned, name something about dr. phil a guest might criticize.	voice
if the tables were turned, name something about dr. phil a guest might criticize.	expressions
if you were married to an nba star, what might you have to get on your tip toes to do.	kiss
if you were married to an nba star, what might you have to get on your tip toes to do.	hug
if a 10-year-old became president, what's the first thing they would outlaw?	school/homework
if a 10-year-old became president, what's the first thing they would outlaw?	bedtime
if a 10-year-old became president, what's the first thing they would outlaw?	parents
if a 10-year-old became president, what's the first thing they would outlaw?	eating vegetables
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, name something you might do.	sing
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, name something you might do.	dance
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, name something you might do.	tell jokes
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, name something you might do.	play instruments
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, name something you might do.	juggle
if you were called to take part in an amateur talent contest, name something you might do.	read
if a man were intimidated by smart women where would he avoid looking for a date?	library
if a man were intimidated by smart women where would he avoid looking for a date?	college
if a man were intimidated by smart women where would he avoid looking for a date?	the office
if king kong were put in a zoo, name something the zoo would need.	a big cage
if king kong were put in a zoo, name something the zoo would need.	a lot of food
if king kong were put in a zoo, name something the zoo would need.	high security
if king kong were put in a zoo, name something the zoo would need.	chains
if king kong were put in a zoo, name something the zoo would need.	tranquilizers
in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them?	kiss
in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them?	hug/hold hands
in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them?	eye contact/wink
in public how can you show your partner your love without telling them?	smile
if you had the money, name something you'd take lessons to learn how to do.	music/singing
if you had the money, name something you'd take lessons to learn how to do.	dance lessons
if you had the money, name something you'd take lessons to learn how to do.	flying lessons
if you had the money, name something you'd take lessons to learn how to do.	skydiving lessons
if you had the money, name something you'd take lessons to learn how to do.	driving/racing
instead of the usual instrumental music, what kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator?	rock
instead of the usual instrumental music, what kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator?	rap
instead of the usual instrumental music, what kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator?	heavy metal
instead of the usual instrumental music, what kind of music would you be surprised to hear playing in an elevator?	country
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	dog
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	bird
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	cat
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	lion
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	tiger
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	dolphin
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	horse
if you were reincarnated as an animal, which animal would you like to be?	butterfly
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, what would be the first thing you would grab?	purse/money
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, what would be the first thing you would grab?	family
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, what would be the first thing you would grab?	pet
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, what would be the first thing you would grab?	photographs/album
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, what would be the first thing you would grab?	clothes
if you were told to evacuate your house immediately, what would be the first thing you would grab?	documents/papers
if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for?	sneezy
if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for?	sleepy
if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for?	grumpy
if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for?	dopey
if doc were to examine the other 6 dwarfs who might he suggest a prescription for?	bashful
living or dead, name the most romantic singer.	luther vandross
living or dead, name the most romantic singer.	frank sinatra
living or dead, name the most romantic singer.	usher
living or dead, name the most romantic singer.	barry white
living or dead, name the most romantic singer.	tony bennett
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth". name another.	big mouth
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth". name another.	loud mouth
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth". name another.	potty mouth
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth". name another.	dirty mouth
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth". name another.	blabber mouth
motor-mouth is a one word of expression that ends in "mouth". name another.	bad mouth
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	yawn
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	sigh
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	sleep
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	roll their eyes
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	twiddle thumbs
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	tap fingers
name something people do to let you know theyre bored	look at watch
name a reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise	dating the boss
name a reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise	on time/ attendance
name a reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise	blackmail
name a reason other than hard work that your boss would give you a raise	sucking up
name something a costume character may have to remove their head to do	eat
name something a costume character may have to remove their head to do	get a drink
name something a costume character may have to remove their head to do	talk
name something a costume character may have to remove their head to do	breath
name something a costume character may have to remove their head to do	see
name a place where its okay to be loud	concert
name a place where its okay to be loud	outdoors
name a place where its okay to be loud	bar
name a place where its okay to be loud	party
name a place where its okay to be loud	athletic event
name something a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it.	hickey
name something a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it.	tattoo
name something a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it.	piercing
name something a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it.	revealing clothes
name something a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it.	make up
name something a teen might cover up so her parents don't see it.	diary
name a coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home	late
name a coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home	esspresso
name a coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home	mocha
name a coffee drink people order while theyre out but cant make at home	cappuccino
name a style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to.	classical
name a style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to.	country
name a style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to.	jazz
name a style of music that you'd be surprised to hear that a teenager listened to.	opera
name a school supply that you haven't used since you were young.	crayon
name a school supply that you haven't used since you were young.	ruler
name a school supply that you haven't used since you were young.	pencil/eraser
name a school supply that you haven't used since you were young.	paste/glue
name a school supply that you haven't used since you were young.	compass
name something that a person might ask to have signed	check
name something that a person might ask to have signed	photo
name something that a person might ask to have signed	contract
name something that a person might ask to have signed	shirt
name something that a person might ask to have signed	book
name something that a person might ask to have signed	ball
name something that a person might ask to have signed	petition
name something you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash").	popcorn
name something you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash").	food wrappers
name something you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash").	cups/cans
name something you see the ground littered with after the carnival has move on (more specific than "trash").	ticket stub
name the worst thing about being on noah's ark.	crowded
name the worst thing about being on noah's ark.	smell
name the worst thing about being on noah's ark.	animals
name the worst thing about being on noah's ark.	cleaning up
name the worst thing about being on noah's ark.	storms
name the worst thing about being on noah's ark.	boredom
name something of your that the dog likes to play with.	shoes
name something of your that the dog likes to play with.	socks
name something of your that the dog likes to play with.	ball
name something of your that the dog likes to play with.	newspaper
name a kind of place where you see people killing time	mall/store
name a kind of place where you see people killing time	train/bus stop
name a kind of place where you see people killing time	airport
name a kind of place where you see people killing time	bar
name a kind of place where you see people killing time	work job
name a kind of place where you see people killing time	restaurant
name a piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle.	patient name
name a piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle.	directions
name a piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle.	date/expiration
name a piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle.	drug/ingredients
name a piece of information that can be found on a prescription bottle.	doctor/contact
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	sleep
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	be intimate
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	shower
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	keep house clean
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	cook
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	use bathroom
name something that it is harder to do when you have too many roommates.	read/study
name something that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert	sandals
name something that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert	bathing suit
name something that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert	sun dress
name something that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert	sun hat
name something that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert	shorts
name something that you would wear to a wedding in the dessert	sunscreen
name a creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail.	snake
name a creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail.	worm
name a creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail.	turtle
name a creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail.	ant
name a creature that, until it moves, you don't know its head from its tail.	caterpillar
name a character that shows up in every church christmas play	jesus
name a character that shows up in every church christmas play	mary
name a character that shows up in every church christmas play	angel
name a character that shows up in every church christmas play	joseph
name a character that shows up in every church christmas play	wise men
name a character that shows up in every church christmas play	donkey
name a morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work	coffee shop
name a morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work	day care/school
name a morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work	breakfast
name a morning stop that many adults make first, before going into work	gas station
name a food you can cook on a campfire.	hot dogs
name a food you can cook on a campfire.	smores
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	in your teeth
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	sandwich
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	olives
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	appetizers
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	cheese cube
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	meatballs
name something people put toothpicks in. (food is not an answer, be more specific)	cakes
name a baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet.	piglet
name a baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet.	lamb
name a baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet.	chick
name a baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet.	kid/goat
name a baby farm animal that a child would probably want to keep as a pet.	bunny
name a fruit juice that's very bitter.	grapefruit
name a fruit juice that's very bitter.	lemon
name a fruit juice that's very bitter.	cranberry
name a fruit juice that's very bitter.	orange
name something a child might never do if they werent forced to	brush teeth
name something a child might never do if they werent forced to	eat vegetable
name something a child might never do if they werent forced to	school/homework
name something a child might never do if they werent forced to	bathe
name something a child might never do if they werent forced to	go to bed
name something a child might never do if they werent forced to	clean
name a place where you would not be allowed to chew gum.	school
name a place where you would not be allowed to chew gum.	church
name a place where you would not be allowed to chew gum.	library
name a place where you would not be allowed to chew gum.	singapore
name a place where you would not be allowed to chew gum.	court
name a job from which you would come home smelling really good.	baker
name a job from which you would come home smelling really good.	perfume seller
name a job from which you would come home smelling really good.	florist
name a job from which you would come home smelling really good.	chef
name a job from which you would come home smelling really good.	spa employee
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	first aid kit
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	flashlight
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	water
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	knife
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	matches
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	cellular phone
name something campers might take with them for emergencies.	blanket
name something "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do.	speak
name something "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do.	walk on 2 legs
name something "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do.	shake
name something "human" that people try to teach their dogs to do.	dance
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	water
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	yogurt
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	gum
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	milk
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	tea
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	medicine
name something that tastes better plain than fruitflavored	soda
name a color you see a lot of in mobster movies	black
name a color you see a lot of in mobster movies	red
name a color you see a lot of in mobster movies	green
name a color you see a lot of in mobster movies	blue
name a color you see a lot of in mobster movies	grey
name a color you see a lot of in mobster movies	white
name an animal that you can ride at the circus	elephant
name an animal that you can ride at the circus	horse
name an animal that you can ride at the circus	camel
name an animal that you can ride at the circus	donkey
name something you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom	feminine products
name something you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom	make up
name something you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom	perfume
name something you would be surprised to find in a bachelor's bathroom	flowers
name a habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse	smoking
name a habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse	drinking
name a habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse	biting nails
name a habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse	gambling
name a habit that would be impossible to hide from your spouse	shopping
name a topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours	shopping
name a topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours	clothes
name a topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours	soap operas
name a topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours	men
name a topic most men cant stand but many women could discuss for hours	hair
name a famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights	robin hood
name a famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights	superman
name a famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights	peter pan
name a famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights	batman
name a famous male, real or fictional, who wears tights	mikhail barishnikov
name something people donate to charity during the holidays	food
name something people donate to charity during the holidays	money
name something people donate to charity during the holidays	clothing
name something people donate to charity during the holidays	toys
name something you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family.	sing
name something you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family.	fall asleep
name something you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family.	make a pit stop
name something you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family.	get food
name something you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family.	fight
name something you do at least twice in the course of a long car ride with family.	hear are we there yet
name something that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office.	paper
name something that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office.	pens/ink
name something that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office.	coffee
name something that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office.	staples
name something that a secretary never wants to run out of at the office.	time
name something that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction.	hives
name something that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction.	sneezing
name something that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction.	swelling
name something that happens to people when they're experiencing an allergic reaction.	red eyes
name a good day job for a body builder	personal trainer
name a good day job for a body builder	construction
name a good day job for a body builder	bouncer
name a good day job for a body builder	lifeguard
name a good day job for a body builder	model
name something you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid.	kiss your date
name something you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid.	drugs/drinking
name something you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid.	pose nude
name something you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid.	get arrested
name something you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid.	cheat/divorce
name something you'd be nervous to do as an actress for fear that you'd wind up on a tabloid.	eat fast food
name a television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films.	george clooney
name a television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films.	will smith
name a television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films.	tom hanks
name a television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films.	robin williams
name a television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films.	jennifer anniston
name a television star who has successfully transitioned into feature films.	john travolta
name a vehicle that has a loud engine	race car
name a vehicle that has a loud engine	truck
name a vehicle that has a loud engine	motor cycle
name a vehicle that has a loud engine	mustang
name a vehicle that has a loud engine	corvette
name a vehicle that has a loud engine	hummer
name something a child might carry along everywhere	blanket
name something a child might carry along everywhere	toy
name something a child might carry along everywhere	teddy bear
name something a child might carry along everywhere	doll
name something a child might carry along everywhere	bottle
name something a child might carry along everywhere	pacifier
name something of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use	car
name something of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use	tools
name something of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use	razor
name something of dad's that kids aren't allowed to use	computer
name something a reality show is incomplete without.	drama/fighting
name something a reality show is incomplete without.	contestants/celebs
name something a reality show is incomplete without.	romance
name something a reality show is incomplete without.	camaras
name something a reality show is incomplete without.	alcohol
name something that both a detective and a camper use.	flashlight
name something that both a detective and a camper use.	magnifying glass
name something that both a detective and a camper use.	compass
name something that both a detective and a camper use.	camera
name something you might find in a tennis bag.	tennis balls
name something you might find in a tennis bag.	racquet
name something you might find in a tennis bag.	towel
name something you might find in a tennis bag.	tennis shoes
name something you might find in a tennis bag.	socks
name a movie about baseball players	angels in outfield
name a movie about baseball players	league of their own
name a movie about baseball players	field of dreams
name a movie about baseball players	the natural
name a movie about baseball players	bull durham
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	fingerprints
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	drivers license
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	pictures
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	mug shot
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	computer
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	license plate
name something the police use to identify a criminal.	dna testing
name something people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood	celebrities
name something people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood	bright lights
name something people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood	palm trees
name something people imagine they'd see on every street in hollywood	prints on sidewalk
name a place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on someone	place of worship
name a place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on someone	funeral
name a place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on someone	their wedding
name a place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on someone	work
name a place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on someone	gym
name a place where it'd be in bad taste to hit on someone	courtroom
name something a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it.	put on a happy face
name something a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it.	make conversation
name something a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it.	go to work
name something a game show host has to do, even on a day when he doesn't feel like it.	dress up
name an animal that you see more of in the city.	cat
name an animal that you see more of in the city.	pigeon
name an animal that you see more of in the city.	rat
name a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	dump truck
name a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	fire engine
name a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	tractor
name a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	police car
name a type of work vehicle thats often seen as a childrens toy	bull dozer
name something on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body.	head
name something on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body.	ears
name something on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body.	eyes
name something on a baby that often looks big compared to the rest of their body.	stomach
name something husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives	money
name something husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives	car
name something husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives	razor
name something husbands will admit that they borrow from their wives	socks
name something you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence.	pass gas
name something you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence.	cough
name something you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence.	caught talking
name something you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence.	get the giggles
name something you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence.	baby cries
name something you don't want to have happen during a moment of silence.	phone rings
name a part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match	cheeks
name a part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match	eyes
name a part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match	nose
name a part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match	lips
name a part of a boxer's body that might be swollen after a match	hands
name an item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet.	towels
name an item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet.	toilet paper
name an item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet.	medicine
name an item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet.	toothpaste
name an item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet.	soap/shampoo
name an item you'd expect to find in a bathroom cabinet.	makeup
name something people do after they've eaten too much.	sleep
name something people do after they've eaten too much.	burp
name something people do after they've eaten too much.	unbutton pants
name something people do after they've eaten too much.	go to bathroom
name something people do after they've eaten too much.	smoke cigarettes
name something people do after they've eaten too much.	take antacid
name something you do constantly when you have a cold	sneeze
name something you do constantly when you have a cold	cough
name something you do constantly when you have a cold	blow nose
name something you do constantly when you have a cold	sleep
name something you do constantly when you have a cold	sniffle
name something people do with a deck of cards	shuffle
name something people do with a deck of cards	play poker
name something people do with a deck of cards	play solitaire
name something people do with a deck of cards	deal
name something people do with a deck of cards	do tricks
name something people do with a deck of cards	gamble
name a famous james who many women consider handsome	james dean
name a famous james who many women consider handsome	james bond
name a famous james who many women consider handsome	james stewart
name a famous james who many women consider handsome	james brown
name a talk show host who many people respect	oprah winfrey
name a talk show host who many people respect	jay leno
name a talk show host who many people respect	david letterman
name a talk show host who many people respect	dr phil
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	pizza
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	meatloaf
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	jell o
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	fries
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	chicken nuggets
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	hot dogs
name a food served in an elementary school cafeteria	hamburgers
name a food you eat with your fingers	french fries
name a food you eat with your fingers	chicken wings
name a food you eat with your fingers	pizza
name a food you eat with your fingers	hamburger
name a food you eat with your fingers	hotdog
name something a shoe salesman might complain about.	stinky feet
name something a shoe salesman might complain about.	ugly feet
name something a shoe salesman might complain about.	returns
name something a shoe salesman might complain about.	big feet
name something a shoe salesman might complain about.	backache
name a fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of.	watermelon
name a fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of.	grape
name a fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of.	cherry
name a fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of.	orange
name a fruit that you might accidentally swallow the seeds of.	apple
name an expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party	caviar
name an expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party	filet mignon
name an expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party	lobster
name an expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party	shrimp
name an expensive food that you wouldn't serve at a kid's birthday party	sushi
name something that can make a person suddenly think of their partner.	song
name something that can make a person suddenly think of their partner.	smell
name something that can make a person suddenly think of their partner.	movie
name something that can make a person suddenly think of their partner.	picture
name a place where you get antsy from sitting too long	church
name a place where you get antsy from sitting too long	school
name a place where you get antsy from sitting too long	movie theatre
name a place where you get antsy from sitting too long	waiting room
name a place where you get antsy from sitting too long	work/meeting
name an animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night.	bat
name an animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night.	owl
name an animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night.	cat
name an animal that sleeps during the day and stays up at night.	raccoon
name a type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood	market/conv store
name a type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood	gas station
name a type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood	bank
name a type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood	restaurant
name a type of business thats convenient to have in your neighborhood	laundromat
name something tourists point up at	tall buildings
name something tourists point up at	statues/ monuments
name something tourists point up at	mountains
name something specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas.	casino/slots
name something specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas.	money/coins
name something specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas.	poker chips
name something specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas.	bar/restaurant
name something specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas.	show girls
name something specific you'd probably see on a brochure for las vegas.	fountain
name a holiday that most people don't get off from work.	president's day
name a holiday that most people don't get off from work.	martin luther king
name a holiday that most people don't get off from work.	valentine's day
name a holiday that most people don't get off from work.	columbus day
name something about which many people have phobias	spiders
name something about which many people have phobias	heights
name something about which many people have phobias	snakes
name something about which many people have phobias	water
name something about which many people have phobias	darkness
name something about which many people have phobias	flying
name something about which many people have phobias	small spaces
name a trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have	patience
name a trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have	intelligence
name a trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have	friendly personality
name a trait thats essential for a high school teacher to have	strictness
name something a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner.	makeup
name something a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner.	hat
name something a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner.	piercing
name something a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner.	shoes
name something a teen might take off before going to grandma's house for dinner.	hoodie
name something you might be "on top of".	the world
name something you might be "on top of".	work/school
name something you might be "on top of".	mountain/hill
name something you might be "on top of".	your game
name something you might be "on top of".	bills
name a day when kids get a lot of candy	halloween
name a day when kids get a lot of candy	easter
name a day when kids get a lot of candy	christmas
name a day when kids get a lot of candy	birthday
name a day when kids get a lot of candy	valentine's day
name a feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller	radio
name a feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller	stereo
name a feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller	motor
name a feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller	horn
name a feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller	power steering
name a feature you have in your car that a mother might like to have on her baby's stroller	cruise control
name an item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas	trees
name an item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas	ornaments
name an item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas	toys
name an item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas	lights
name an item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas	wrapping paper
name an item stores probably have a hard time selling after christmas	christmas cards
name an animal that children are excited by at the zoo.	monkey
name an animal that children are excited by at the zoo.	lion
name an animal that children are excited by at the zoo.	tiger
name an animal that children are excited by at the zoo.	elephant
name an animal that children are excited by at the zoo.	giraffe
name an animal that children are excited by at the zoo.	bear
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	mother
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	priest
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	god
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	father
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	husband
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	friend
name someone specific youd be nervous about lying to	wife
name something specific people put salsa on	chips
name something specific people put salsa on	tacos
name something specific people put salsa on	enchaladas
name something specific people put salsa on	burritos
name something specific people put salsa on	eggs
name something at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway.	fights
name something at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway.	drinking/drugs
name something at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway.	crowds
name something at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway.	skimpy outfits
name something at a rock concert that you don't pay to see, but see anyway.	opening band
name something that gets delivered.	mail
name something that gets delivered.	pizza
name something that gets delivered.	newspaper
name something that gets delivered.	package
name something that gets delivered.	baby
name something that gets delivered.	flowers
name something that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays	the tree
name something that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays	gifts/gift wrap
name something that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays	ornaments/figurines
name something that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays	lights
name something that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays	turkey/bones
name something that you don't want your dog to chew on over the holidays	stockings
name something found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town	casinos
name something found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town	bright lights
name something found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town	beautiful women
name something found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town	night life
name something found in las vegas that youd like to see more of in your home town	money
name something about love that some people believe in and others don't.	love at first sight
name something about love that some people believe in and others don't.	endless
name something about love that some people believe in and others don't.	fate
name something about love that some people believe in and others don't.	soul mate
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	make your bed
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	clean up
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	wash the dishes
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	clean bathroom
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	laundry
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	obey
name something your mother made you do that you would also have to do in the army.	fold your clothes
name something from childhood that many people save.	photos
name something from childhood that many people save.	toys
name something from childhood that many people save.	blanket
name something from childhood that many people save.	baby teeth
name something from childhood that many people save.	clothes
name something from childhood that many people save.	doll
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	snake
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	giraffe
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	cat
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	deer
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	pony
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	lizard
name a slender animal that wouldnt make a very good piggy bank	monkey
name a place where you often find an elevator.	hotel
name a place where you often find an elevator.	mall
name a place where you often find an elevator.	hospital
name a place where you often find an elevator.	office building
name a specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong".	milk
name a specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong".	spinach
name a specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong".	carrots
name a specific food or drink moms tell their kids to consume so they grow "big and strong".	broccoli
name something you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day.	hot chocolate
name something you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day.	hot bath
name something you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day.	sit by fire
name something you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day.	change clothes
name something you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day.	blanket
name something you might do to make yourself feel cozy after playing in the snow all day.	soup
name something every ups driver should have	truck
name something every ups driver should have	uniform
name something every ups driver should have	clip board
name something every ups driver should have	drivers license
name something every ups driver should have	packages
name something every ups driver should have	pen
name a piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using.	monkey bars
name a piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using.	slide
name a piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using.	swing
name a piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using.	merry go round
name a piece of kids's play equipment that adults would probably hurt themselves using.	seesaw
name a flower that comes in different colors	rose
name a flower that comes in different colors	orchid
name a flower that comes in different colors	tulip
name a flower that comes in different colors	iris
name a flower that comes in different colors	carnation
name a flower that comes in different colors	lily
name something a baby doesn't have that most adults do	teeth
name something a baby doesn't have that most adults do	hair
name something a baby doesn't have that most adults do	car
name something a baby doesn't have that most adults do	money
name something a baby doesn't have that most adults do	job
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	throw food
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	burp
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	play with food
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	not finish food
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	spit out food
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	spill something
name something a kid might do at the dinner table that would probably get him in trouble	eat with hands
name a type of store you'd find in just about all shopping malls	clothing
name a type of store you'd find in just about all shopping malls	department
name something you need coins to use.	laundromat
name something you need coins to use.	pay phone
name something you need coins to use.	parking meter
name something you need coins to use.	newspaper
name something you need coins to use.	vending machine
name something you need coins to use.	arcade game
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	personal trainer
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	massage
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	laundry service
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	food/ drink
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	pool access
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	tanning bed
name an extra you might pay more for at the gym	locker room use
name an item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours	academy awards
name an item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours	maids
name an item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours	home theatre
name an item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours	swimming pool
name an item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours	expensive artwork
name an item you might see in a movie star's home that wouldn't be in yours	grand piano
name something you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant	toothpicks
name something you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant	mints
name something you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant	chocolates
name something you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant	credit card machine
name something you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant	menu
name something you might see next to the cash register at a restaurant	penny jar
name a method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play.	birthday
name a method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play.	address
name a method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play.	random numbers
name a method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play.	anniversary date
name a method people use when deciding what lotto numbers they're going to play.	id card number
name something you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare.	kangaroo
name something you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare.	koala
name something you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare.	dingo
name something you're more likely to see in australian than elsewhare.	desert
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	marilyn monroe
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	elvis presley
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	twiggy
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	elizabeth taylor
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	james dean
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	jackie o
name a celebrity from decades ago whos still thought of as a style icon	audrey hepburn
name something a person might read everyday.	newspaper
name something a person might read everyday.	bible
name something that might be grape-flavored	juice
name something that might be grape-flavored	bubblegum
name something that might be grape-flavored	soda
name something that might be grape-flavored	jelly
name something that might be grape-flavored	medicine
name something that might be grape-flavored	lolipop
name something that might be grape-flavored	ice cream
name something a person might buy to go with their motorcycle.	helmet
name something a person might buy to go with their motorcycle.	leather pants
name something a person might buy to go with their motorcycle.	leather jacket
name something a person might buy to go with their motorcycle.	sunglasses
name something you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room.	bugs/rodents
name something you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room.	other peoples' stuff
name something you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room.	dirty sheets
name something you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room.	hair
name something you wouldn't want to discover in a hotel bed when checking into your room.	a person
name something you can wear every day to feel like a superhero	cape
name something you can wear every day to feel like a superhero	tights
name something you can wear every day to feel like a superhero	mask
name something you can wear every day to feel like a superhero	weapon
name something that might come out of your nose when you laugh	snot
name something that might come out of your nose when you laugh	milk
name something that might come out of your nose when you laugh	water
name something that might come out of your nose when you laugh	soda
name something that might come out of your nose when you laugh	breath
name something people need change in order to pay for.	laundry
name something people need change in order to pay for.	tolls
name something people need change in order to pay for.	parking
name something people need change in order to pay for.	soda/snacks
name something people need change in order to pay for.	pay phone calls
name something people need change in order to pay for.	car wash
name an animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch	dog
name an animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch	snake
name an animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch	skunk
name an animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch	frog
name an animal that's usually not dangerous, but many people are afraid to touch	mouse
name a household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done	dust
name a household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done	vacuum
name a household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done	sweep
name a household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done	mop
name a household chore that you do less frequently because its barely noticeable when its done	wipe windows
name something a dog owner might pay someone to do to their dog?	groom it
name something a dog owner might pay someone to do to their dog?	walk it
name something a dog owner might pay someone to do to their dog?	feed it
name something a dog owner might pay someone to do to their dog?	bathe it
name something a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance	shave
name something a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance	work out
name something a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance	new hairstyle
name something a woman might suggest her husband do to improve his appearance	dress up
name something college roommates might argue about.	cleaning
name something college roommates might argue about.	food
name something college roommates might argue about.	money
name something college roommates might argue about.	space
name something college roommates might argue about.	music
name something college roommates might argue about.	bedtime
name a place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there	mall
name a place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there	zoo
name a place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there	bar/club
name a place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there	disney world
name a place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there	beach
name a place youd visit more often if it wasnt so crowded there	park
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	purse/wallet
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	cell phone
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	coat
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	keys
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	briefcase/suitcase
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	umbrella
name something a person might accidentally leave behind in a taxicab	shopping bags
name something you eat that can be described as juicy	orange
name something you eat that can be described as juicy	peach
name something you eat that can be described as juicy	steak
name something you eat that can be described as juicy	apple
name something you eat that can be described as juicy	hamburger
name something of yours that a snoop might try to get access to.	diary
name something of yours that a snoop might try to get access to.	bank account
name something of yours that a snoop might try to get access to.	computer
name something of yours that a snoop might try to get access to.	password
name something of yours that a snoop might try to get access to.	mail
name a decoration you might find inside a mexican restaurant.	sombrero
name a decoration you might find inside a mexican restaurant.	pinata
name a decoration you might find inside a mexican restaurant.	maracas
name a place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to	socket
name a place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to	nose
name a place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to	mouth
name a place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to	light switch
name a place a baby sticks his fingers that he's not supposed to	ear
name something a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of.	appointments
name something a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of.	wife's birthday
name something a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of.	anniversary
name something a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of.	calls
name something a boss might ask his secretary to remind him of.	lunch
name a type of service person who you never know how much to tip.	server
name a type of service person who you never know how much to tip.	valet service
name a type of service person who you never know how much to tip.	hairdresser
name a type of service person who you never know how much to tip.	taxi driver
name a type of service person who you never know how much to tip.	bartender
name a type of service person who you never know how much to tip.	bellhop
name a way a kid might get around town	bike
name a way a kid might get around town	bus
name a way a kid might get around town	parents
name a way a kid might get around town	walking
name a way a kid might get around town	scooter
name a way a kid might get around town	skateboard
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	charlie's angels
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	bewitched
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	wayne's world
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	duke's of hazzard
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	brady bunch
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	starsky and hutch
name a movie based on a tv show or skit	blues brothers
name something a real estate agent needs to do his job.	homes for sale
name something a real estate agent needs to do his job.	car
name something a real estate agent needs to do his job.	clients
name something a real estate agent needs to do his job.	advertisement
name something a real estate agent needs to do his job.	good attitude
name a specific occupation where they wear sneakers.	basketball player
name a specific occupation where they wear sneakers.	coach
name a specific occupation where they wear sneakers.	tennis player
name a specific occupation where they wear sneakers.	nurse
name a specific occupation where they wear sneakers.	runner
name something donald duck does that most ducks don't.	talks
name something donald duck does that most ducks don't.	wears clothes
name something donald duck does that most ducks don't.	throws tantrums
name something donald duck does that most ducks don't.	walks upright
name a woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with.	mother
name a woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with.	ex
name a woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with.	administrative assistant
name a woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with.	sister
name a woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with.	female friend
name a woman in a man's life who his wife might not get along with.	daughter
name a reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house	cold
name a reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house	dark
name a reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house	cement floors
name a reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house	damp
name a reason why basements are often less cozy than the rest of a house	creatures live there
name a country that usually does well in the olympics.	united states
name a country that usually does well in the olympics.	russia
name a country that usually does well in the olympics.	china
name a country that usually does well in the olympics.	england
name a country that usually does well in the olympics.	germany
name a sport that you can't play without a team	football
name a sport that you can't play without a team	baseball
name a sport that you can't play without a team	soccer
name a sport that you can't play without a team	hockey
name someone you only see once a year.	santa clause
name someone you only see once a year.	grandparents
name someone you only see once a year.	brother/sister
name someone you only see once a year.	cousins
name someone you only see once a year.	eye doctor
name someone you only see once a year.	aunt/uncle
name a kind of boat that doesn't have an engine.	sailboat
name a kind of boat that doesn't have an engine.	canoe
name a kind of boat that doesn't have an engine.	rowboat
name a kind of boat that doesn't have an engine.	paddleboat
name a kind of boat that doesn't have an engine.	raft
name a kind of boat that doesn't have an engine.	barge
name a company that uses an animal in its logo.	mgm lion
name a company that uses an animal in its logo.	exxon tiger
name a company that uses an animal in its logo.	budweiser eagle
name a company that uses an animal in its logo.	energizer bunny
name a company that uses an animal in its logo.	rca dog
name a company that uses an animal in its logo.	walt disney mouse
name something youd find in a scientists lab	test tubes
name something youd find in a scientists lab	beakers
name something youd find in a scientists lab	microscope
name something youd find in a scientists lab	chemicals
name something youd find in a scientists lab	bunsen burners
name something youd find in a scientists lab	lab coat
name something youd find in a scientists lab	goggles
name something people often leave in their house with a free sign on it?	furniture
name something people often leave in their house with a free sign on it?	clothes
name something people often leave in their house with a free sign on it?	kittens/puppies
name something people often leave in their house with a free sign on it?	tv
name something a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you	romantic life
name something a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you	weight
name something a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you	financial situation
name something a friend should never ask about, no matter how well they know you	age
name something you'd need if you were making pancakes.	flour
name something you'd need if you were making pancakes.	eggs
name something you'd need if you were making pancakes.	batter
name something adults buy that can be very small or very large.	tv
name something adults buy that can be very small or very large.	car/vehicle
name something adults buy that can be very small or very large.	house
name something adults buy that can be very small or very large.	oven
name something adults buy that can be very small or very large.	stereo/speakers
name something adults buy that can be very small or very large.	refrigerator
name something that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle.	missing piece
name something that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle.	time
name something that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle.	difficulty
name something that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle.	kids
name something that keeps you from finishing a jigsaw puzzle.	boredom
name an actor who also has a rock band	keanu reeves
name an actor who also has a rock band	jack black
name a place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise	concert
name a place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise	bar
name a place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise	sports game
name a place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise	mall
name a place where it's hard to talk because of all the background noise	restaurant
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john.	lots of glasses
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john.	music
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john.	pictures
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belongs to elton john.	cds
name a word for someone who never does anything wrong	perfectionist
name a word for someone who never does anything wrong	saint
name a word for someone who never does anything wrong	angel
name a word for someone who never does anything wrong	do gooder
name a word for someone who never does anything wrong	goody two shoes
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	blanket
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	snacks/drink
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	warm clothes
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	sign/banner
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	chair/cushion
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	horn
name something you might bring to your kid's high school football game	camera
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	lawyer
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	doctor
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	politician
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	judge
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	teacher
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	police
name a type of professional that you seldom see joking around	accountant
name something a child would say is too short.	hair
name something a child would say is too short.	summer vacation
name something a child would say is too short.	pants/clothing
name something a child would say is too short.	themselves
name something a child would say is too short.	recess/playtime
name something a child would say is too short.	bedtime story
name something it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth.	breathe
name something it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth.	walk
name something it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth.	go to the bathroom
name something it's probably much harder to do in outer space than it is on earth.	eat
name something you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower.	rocks
name something you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower.	animals
name something you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower.	poop
name something you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower.	hose
name something you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower.	toys
name something you would wan't to run over with your lawnmower.	sprinkler
name a day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone	christmas
name a day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone	valentine's day
name a day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone	birthday
name a day of the year that some people dont want to spend alone	new year eve's
name something that changes every year for a kid in elementary school	teacher
name something that changes every year for a kid in elementary school	grade
name something that changes every year for a kid in elementary school	uniform/dress code
name something that changes every year for a kid in elementary school	age
name something that changes every year for a kid in elementary school	friends
name something that changes every year for a kid in elementary school	textbooks
name something people compete over	dates
name something people compete over	sports
name something people compete over	money
name something people compete over	jobs
name something people compete over	games
name an occupation where you work in a studio.	photographer
name an occupation where you work in a studio.	director
name an occupation where you work in a studio.	artist
name an occupation where you work in a studio.	actor
name an occupation where you work in a studio.	musician
name an occupation where you work in a studio.	screenwriter
name a job you might have if you worked at disneyworld	costume character
name a job you might have if you worked at disneyworld	ride operator
name a job you might have if you worked at disneyworld	stage performer
name a job you might have if you worked at disneyworld	ticket seller/taker
name a job you might have if you worked at disneyworld	food vendor
name something you think america or americans waste money on	war/weapons
name something you think america or americans waste money on	lottery/ gambling
name something you think america or americans waste money on	eating/drinking
name something you think america or americans waste money on	cars/ gasoline
name something you think america or americans waste money on	clothes/shoes
name something you think america or americans waste money on	games/ toys
name something you think america or americans waste money on	television
name a halloween costume that young girls often wear	princess
name a halloween costume that young girls often wear	witch
name a halloween costume that young girls often wear	fairy
name a halloween costume that young girls often wear	angel
name a reason you wouldn't want to live next door to a movie star	paparazzi
name a reason you wouldn't want to live next door to a movie star	loud parties
name a reason you wouldn't want to live next door to a movie star	fans
name an occupation youd want just for the car	limo driver
name an occupation youd want just for the car	police officer
name an occupation youd want just for the car	racecar driver
name an occupation youd want just for the car	taxi driver
name an occupation youd want just for the car	pizza driver
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	tarzan
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	bird watcher
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	monkey
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	tree trimmer
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	bird
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	firefighter
name an animal or person who might spend time in a tree	child
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	food
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	television
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	bathroom
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	dishwasher
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	microwave
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	drinks
name something a family uses in their home a robot family wouldnt need	bed
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	bank
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	dmv
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	concert
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	bus stop
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	amusement park
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	work
name a place where you may have to stand for a long time	grocery checkout
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	hands
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	legs
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	forearms
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	head
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	neck
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	feet
name a body part that gets clothed in winter but stays naked all summer	ears
name something dog owners probably wish their dogs never did	go to the bathroom
name something dog owners probably wish their dogs never did	bark
name something dog owners probably wish their dogs never did	bite
name something dog owners probably wish their dogs never did	shed
name something dog owners probably wish their dogs never did	dig holes
name a big expense that some parents plan for years in advance	child's education
name a big expense that some parents plan for years in advance	child's wedding
name a big expense that some parents plan for years in advance	retirement
name a big expense that some parents plan for years in advance	buying a house
name a big expense that some parents plan for years in advance	family vacation
name something you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting	shoot(picture)
name something you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting	use binoculars
name something you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting	be quiet
name something you do while birdwatching that you might also do while hunting	hide
name something pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor	scream
name something pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor	breathe
name something pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor	cry
name something pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor	sweat
name something pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor	clench hands
name something pregnant women do a lot of when theyre in labor	curse
name something people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car.	speed
name something people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car.	not clean it
name something people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car.	travel far
name something people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car.	smoke in it
name something people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car.	crash it
name something people might do with a rental car that they wouldn't do with their own car.	drive recklessly
name something many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready.	drive
name something many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready.	date
name something many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready.	move out
name something many teens want to do before their parents think they are ready.	wear makeup
name an article of clothing some women try to wear as tight as possible.	jeans/pants
name an article of clothing some women try to wear as tight as possible.	skirts
name an article of clothing some women try to wear as tight as possible.	shirts
name an expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom	i have to go pee pee
name an expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom	i have to go potty
name an expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom	poo poo
name an expression little kids use when they have to go to thebathroom	got to go tinkle
name a reason why you might offer your bus seat to someone else.	elderly
name a reason why you might offer your bus seat to someone else.	pregnant
name a reason why you might offer your bus seat to someone else.	disability
name a reason why you might offer your bus seat to someone else.	hands full
name something people often skip	lunch/meals
name something people often skip	school
name something people often skip	stones
name a weather condition you hate to drive in	snow
name a weather condition you hate to drive in	rain
name a weather condition you hate to drive in	icy roads
name a weather condition you hate to drive in	sleet/ hail
name a weather condition you hate to drive in	fog
name someone youd hate to show up late at your wedding	groom
name someone youd hate to show up late at your wedding	bride
name someone youd hate to show up late at your wedding	clergy
name someone youd hate to show up late at your wedding	best man
name someone youd hate to show up late at your wedding	father
name an animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city	bear
name an animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city	deer
name an animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city	wolf
name an animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city	fox
name an animal you see in the woods that you would be surprised to see in the city	mountain lion
name something that gets activated by water	soap
name something that gets activated by water	yeast
name something that gets activated by water	coffee/ tea
name something that gets activated by water	kool aid
name something that gets activated by water	sea monkeys
name a word that people use to avoid swearing.	darn
name a word that people use to avoid swearing.	shoot
name a word that people use to avoid swearing.	dang
name a word that people use to avoid swearing.	fudge
name a word that people use to avoid swearing.	gosh
name a reason why a person who has a car would call a cab.	been drinking
name a reason why a person who has a car would call a cab.	car trouble
name a reason why a person who has a car would call a cab.	bad weather
name a reason why a person who has a car would call a cab.	going to airport
name something you'd probably find in a baby's bedroom.	crib
name something you'd probably find in a baby's bedroom.	diapers
name something you'd probably find in a baby's bedroom.	changing table
name something our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate.	rain
name something our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate.	wedding
name something our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate.	birth
name something our ancient ancestors might have danced to celebrate.	finding food
name something a bad golfer often runs out of	golf balls
name something a bad golfer often runs out of	tees
name something a bad golfer often runs out of	patience
name something a bad golfer often runs out of	clubs
name something a bad golfer often runs out of	energy
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	younger man
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	lives with parents
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	no job
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	no car
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	goofs around
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	no money
name a reason why a man might seem too immature to date	baby face
name a person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of.	parent
name a person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of.	boss
name a person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of.	pastor
name a person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of.	police officer
name a person you wouldn't want to get tipsy in front of.	in laws
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	food/drink
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	bathroom
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	lip balm/makeup
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	tooth brush
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	towel/washcloth
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	comb/brush
name something that a germaphobe would hate to share.	headphones
name something that politicians would be better off without	big promises
name something that politicians would be better off without	money/donors
name something that politicians would be better off without	scandal
name something that politicians would be better off without	media
name something that politicians would be better off without	power/control
name something you eat that comes with sauce	spaghetti
name something you eat that comes with sauce	pizza
name something you eat that comes with sauce	chicken nuggets
name something you eat that comes with sauce	fries
name a place where theres often a line for the womens restroom	bar
name a place where theres often a line for the womens restroom	concert
name a place where theres often a line for the womens restroom	mall
name a place where theres often a line for the womens restroom	restaurant
name a place where theres often a line for the womens restroom	movie theatre
name something you do at the library.	read
name something you do at the library.	study
name something you do at the library.	check out books
name something you do at the library.	research
name something you do at the library.	use a computer
name something you do at the library.	make photocopies
name a place where people wear very little clothing during the winter	vacation
name a place where people wear very little clothing during the winter	home
name a place where people wear very little clothing during the winter	gym
name a type of contest you might enter at a county fair	eating
name a type of contest you might enter at a county fair	cooking
name a type of contest you might enter at a county fair	beauty
name a type of contest you might enter at a county fair	singing
name a game adults play at a bbq party	poker
name a game adults play at a bbq party	horseshoes
name a game adults play at a bbq party	volleyball
name a game adults play at a bbq party	baseball
name a game adults play at a bbq party	football
name something that is known for producing a lot of offspring.	rabbit
name something that is known for producing a lot of offspring.	humans
name something that is known for producing a lot of offspring.	cats
name something that is known for producing a lot of offspring.	frogs
name something that is known for producing a lot of offspring.	dogs
name something that is known for producing a lot of offspring.	flowers
name a gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid	flowers
name a gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid	alcohol
name a gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid	money
name a gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid	jewelry
name a gift that adults often give to each other that would be weird to give a kid	perfume
name a u.s. city known for having great weather.	miami
name a u.s. city known for having great weather.	san diego
name a u.s. city known for having great weather.	phoenix
name a u.s. city known for having great weather.	los angeles
name a u.s. city known for having great weather.	san francisco
name a u.s. city known for having great weather.	jacksonville
name a specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie	have lots of money
name a specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie	find true love
name a specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie	live in nice house
name a specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie	lots of drama
name a specific way that you wish your life were like a hollywood movie	happy ending
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	laundry
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	bills
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	dishes
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	trash
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	mail
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	leaves
name something specific that piles up before you can get to it	snow
name an animal with really long legs.	giraffe
name an animal with really long legs.	ostrich
name an animal with really long legs.	frog
name an animal with really long legs.	horse
name an animal with really long legs.	gazelle
name an animal with really long legs.	camel
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	check
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	greeting card
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	post it note
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	hand
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	envelope
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	notebook page
name something specific you often run out of space to write on	application
name something you squeeze before you buy it	tomatoes
name something you squeeze before you buy it	melon
name something you squeeze before you buy it	bread
name something you squeeze before you buy it	orange
name something you squeeze before you buy it	toilet paper
name something you squeeze before you buy it	lemon
name a public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving	hospital
name a public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving	restaurant
name a public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving	zoo
name a public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving	shopping center
name a public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving	bar
name a public place you immediately want to wash your hands immediately after leaving	gas station
name a state that many people live in when they retire	florida
name a state that many people live in when they retire	california
name a state that many people live in when they retire	arizona
name a state that many people live in when they retire	hawaii
name a state that many people live in when they retire	texas
name something you do on christmas and your birthday	gifts
name something you do on christmas and your birthday	eat sweets
name something you do on christmas and your birthday	party
name something you do on christmas and your birthday	time with family
name something you do on christmas and your birthday	sing
name a reason a person might complain about a cup of coffee that's served to them.	cold
name a reason a person might complain about a cup of coffee that's served to them.	weak
name a desert that's sold in plastic packages	cookies
name a desert that's sold in plastic packages	snack cake
name a desert that's sold in plastic packages	pudding
name a desert that's sold in plastic packages	ice cream
name something you do to keep yourself from laughing.	hold breath
name something you do to keep yourself from laughing.	cover mouth
name something you do to keep yourself from laughing.	bite lip
name something you do to keep yourself from laughing.	think of something sad
name something you do to keep yourself from laughing.	look away
name something you do to keep yourself from laughing.	pinch yourself
name a place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone	haunted house
name a place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone	cemetry
name a place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone	wedding
name a place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone	restaurant
name a place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone	woods
name a place that you wish you had the nerve to go alone	bar
name something in a beach bag, that's not in most purses.	towel
name something in a beach bag, that's not in most purses.	sunscreen
name something in a beach bag, that's not in most purses.	beach toys
name something in a beach bag, that's not in most purses.	sandals
name something you might adjust when you get into a rental car.	seat
name something you might adjust when you get into a rental car.	mirrors
name a sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans.	baseball
name a sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans.	hockey
name a sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans.	basketball
name a sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans.	soccer
name a sport in which the announcers get as excited as the fans.	boxing
name a popular new year's resolution.	lose weight
name a popular new year's resolution.	quit smoking
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	bowtie
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	name tag/ badge
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	cap/ visor
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	apron
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	work boots
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	hard hat
name something you may have once worn with a work uniform but wouldnt wear for a night on the town	hairnet
name a meal that most people can make without a recipe	eggs
name a meal that most people can make without a recipe	spaghetti
name a meal that most people can make without a recipe	mac and cheese
name a meal that most people can make without a recipe	pizza
name an activity that you wear comfortable shoes for.	running
name an activity that you wear comfortable shoes for.	walking
name an activity that you wear comfortable shoes for.	dancing
name an activity that you wear comfortable shoes for.	sports
name an activity that you wear comfortable shoes for.	exercise
name an activity that you wear comfortable shoes for.	shopping
name one of santa's reindeer.	rudolph
name one of santa's reindeer.	blitzen
name something a pizza delivery person hates about their job.	bad tips
name something a pizza delivery person hates about their job.	dogs
name something a pizza delivery person hates about their job.	driving
name something a pizza delivery person hates about their job.	bad area
name something a pizza delivery person hates about their job.	finding house
name something a pizza delivery person hates about their job.	delivering
name something an amusement park has a lot of.	rides
name something an amusement park has a lot of.	people
name something an amusement park has a lot of.	games/prizes
name something an amusement park has a lot of.	junk food
name something an amusement park has a lot of.	rest rooms
name something an amusement park has a lot of.	lines
name something that goes up and down	elevator
name something that goes up and down	temperature
name something that's used to pave a driveway	cement
name something that's used to pave a driveway	asphalt
name something that's used to pave a driveway	steam roller
name something that's used to pave a driveway	water
name something a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it	blow kisses
name something a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it	smile
name something a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it	bat eyelashes
name something a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it	giggle
name something a baby does that would be considered flirting if an adult did it	coo
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	read
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	sing
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	coloring books
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	sleep
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	watch tv
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	eat
name an activity kids do in the car that they can also do at home	play games
name something you'd need in order to play a game of basketball	basketball
name something you'd need in order to play a game of basketball	hoop
name something you'd need in order to play a game of basketball	court
name something you'd need in order to play a game of basketball	players
name an article of clothing you are constantly buying more of	socks
name an article of clothing you are constantly buying more of	underware
name an article of clothing you are constantly buying more of	shoes
name an article of clothing you are constantly buying more of	t shirts
name something you might see at a crime scene	blood
name something you might see at a crime scene	police
name something you might see at a crime scene	body
name something you might see at a crime scene	yellow tape
name something you might see at a crime scene	chalk outline
name something you might see at a crime scene	dog
name something you might see at a crime scene	police car
name something you put in your mouth but don't swallow	gum
name something you put in your mouth but don't swallow	toothpaste
name something you put in your mouth but don't swallow	mouothwash
name something you put in your mouth but don't swallow	hard candy/sucker
name something that gets in your eye and irritates it.	dust
name something that gets in your eye and irritates it.	dirt
name something that gets in your eye and irritates it.	eyelash
name something that gets in your eye and irritates it.	bug
name something that gets in your eye and irritates it.	soap
name something that gets in your eye and irritates it.	smoke
name something kids look forward to	vacation
name something kids look forward to	christmas
name something kids look forward to	birthday
name something kids look forward to	gifts
name something kids look forward to	recess
name something parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in.	door
name something parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in.	fan
name something parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in.	outlet
name something parents warn their children not to get their fingers caught in.	cookie jar
name something people usually keep from high school	yearbook
name something people usually keep from high school	class ring
name something people usually keep from high school	diploma
name something people usually keep from high school	pictures
name something people usually keep from high school	books
name something people usually keep from high school	cap and tassel
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	blanket
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	put on jacket
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	rub hands together
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	extra clothes
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	cuddle
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	fireplace
name a way people warm themselves up when they're cold.	drink hot chocolate
name something that gets rolled out.	red carpet
name something that gets rolled out.	dough
name something that gets rolled out.	yoga mat
name something that gets rolled out.	sleeping bag
name something that gets rolled out.	5
name something you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day	air conditioning
name something you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day	turn on the fan
name something you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day	close blinds
name something you might do to keep your house cool on a hot day	open windows
name something you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom	toilet
name something you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom	sink
name something you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom	bathtub
name something you might replace if you are remodeling your bathroom	tiles/floor
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	chicago
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	new york
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	minniapolis
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	denver
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	buffalo
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	boston
name a us city where it snows a lot during the holidays	detroit
name an occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather.	construction
name an occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather.	mail carrier
name an occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather.	traffic cop
name an occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather.	bus/truck driver
name an occupation where the workdays are made worse by nasty weather.	pilot
name something that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done.	low end job
name something that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done.	clean/laundry
name something that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done.	borrow money
name something that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done.	fly economy
name something that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done.	buy used
name something that you have to do sometimes that billionaire has probably never done.	clip coupons
name an office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies.	computer
name an office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies.	stapler
name an office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies.	copier/fax
name an office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies.	envelopes
name an office supply that you'd be surprised to see on your kid's list of school supplies.	paper clips
name something santa does that you wouldnt want your house guests to do	come down chimney
name something santa does that you wouldnt want your house guests to do	eat your cookies
name something santa does that you wouldnt want your house guests to do	arrive late at nite
name a salad that's not green.	pasta salad
name a salad that's not green.	potato salad
name a salad that's not green.	fruit salad
name a salad that's not green.	taco salad
name a salad that's not green.	egg salad
name a reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood.	no bills
name a reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood.	no work
name a reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood.	no worries
name a reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood.	more fun/playing
name a reason why parents say that childhood is better than adulthood.	no resposibility
name something people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes").	jeans
name something people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes").	gown
name something people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes").	car
name something people try to squeeze into (more specific than "clothes").	elevator
name a us city that probably has a lot of single people	new york
name a us city that probably has a lot of single people	los angeles
name a us city that probably has a lot of single people	san francisco
name a us city that probably has a lot of single people	las vegas
name a us city that probably has a lot of single people	boston
name something a married couple saves from their wedding day	cake top
name something a married couple saves from their wedding day	pictures
name something a married couple saves from their wedding day	ring
name something a married couple saves from their wedding day	dress
name something a married couple saves from their wedding day	matchbook
name something a married couple saves from their wedding day	flowers
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	freedom/ time alone
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	dating
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	youthful appearance
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	more friends
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	going to school
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	having energy
name something a parent might miss about their younger years	fewer bills
name a board game that takes a long time to play	monopoly
name a board game that takes a long time to play	chess
name a board game that takes a long time to play	scrabble
name a board game that takes a long time to play	risk
name a board game that takes a long time to play	life
name a christmas show that is on tv every year.	rudolph
name a christmas show that is on tv every year.	christmas story
name a christmas show that is on tv every year.	frosty
name a christmas show that is on tv every year.	grinch
name a christmas show that is on tv every year.	a wonderful life
name a christmas show that is on tv every year.	home alone
name something people put on the outside of their car.	wax
name something people put on the outside of their car.	sticker
name something people put on the outside of their car.	license plate
name something people put on the outside of their car.	cover
name something people put on the outside of their car.	antenna
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	clothes don't fit
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	back pain
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	hungry
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	tired
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	morning sickness
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	swollen feet
name a complaint a pregnant women might have	cramps
name an image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving.	turkey
name an image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving.	family dinner
name an image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving.	pilgrims
name an image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving.	native americans
name an image that's often used in ads at thanksgiving.	cornucopia
name a drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home.	latte
name a drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home.	capuccino
name a drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home.	espresso
name a drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home.	frappe
name a drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home.	mocha
name a drink you get at a cafe that most people can't make at home.	coffee
name a reason why a dog barks	stranger at door
name a reason why a dog barks	hungry
name a reason why a dog barks	sees a cat
name a reason why a dog barks	hears a loud noise
name a reason why a dog barks	sees another dog
name a place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent.	mall
name a place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent.	school
name a place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent.	movie theatre
name a place where a teenager wouldn't want to be seen with their parent.	party
name something that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets.	many scratches
name something that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets.	strong smells
name something that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets.	hair all over
name something that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets.	lots of stains
name something that happens to the furniture of a person who owns pets.	chewed up
name someone you wouldn't want to see you nude.	mom
name someone you wouldn't want to see you nude.	dad
name someone you wouldn't want to see you nude.	boss
name someone you wouldn't want to see you nude.	grandma
name someone you wouldn't want to see you nude.	kids
name someone you wouldn't want to see you nude.	sibling
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	eggs
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	hamburger
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	spaghetti
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	macaroni & cheese
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	peanut butter & jelly
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	chicken
name a food almost everyone knows how to make	cereal
name something you see on a christmas wreath	bow
name something you see on a christmas wreath	holly/ berries
name something you see on a christmas wreath	lights
name something you see on a christmas wreath	bells
name something you see on a christmas wreath	pine cones
name an animal thats blackandwhite	zebra
name an animal thats blackandwhite	skunk
name an animal thats blackandwhite	panda bear
name an animal thats blackandwhite	cow
name an animal thats blackandwhite	penguin
name something the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about	income
name something the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about	tax information
name something the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about	social security
name something the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about	criminal record
name something the government knows about you but you wouldnt talk to a coworker about	debt
name a complaint people might have about their teeth	not white enough
name a complaint people might have about their teeth	hurt
name a complaint people might have about their teeth	crooked
name a complaint people might have about their teeth	cavity
name the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender	sorry
name the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender	are you ok
name the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender	have insurance
name the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender	curse word
name the first thing youd say to the other driver after a fender bender	what were you doing
name a muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size.	arnold schwarzenegger
name a muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size.	the rock
name a muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size.	vin diesel
name a muscular celebrity who would probably have trouble finding clothes in his size.	hulk hogan
name your favorite type of girl scout cookie	thin mint
name your favorite type of girl scout cookie	peanut butter patty
name your favorite type of girl scout cookie	chocolate chip
name your favorite type of girl scout cookie	short bread
name your favorite type of girl scout cookie	caramel delight
name your favorite type of girl scout cookie	lemon chalet creme
name something a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award	fall
name something a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award	forget speech
name something a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award	loose voice
name something a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award	faint
name something a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award	cry
name something a celebrity hopes wont happen while on stage to accept an award	drop award
name a specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on.	red meat
name a specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on.	fried food
name a specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on.	sweets
name a specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on.	pizza
name a specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on.	eggs
name a specific food that doctors tell patients to cut down on.	butter
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	money
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	social graces
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	good job
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	appearance
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	maturity
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	well dressed
name something your parents look for in your date although you may not	education
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	cake
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	cookies
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	bread
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	chicken
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	pie
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	beef
name a food that smells good when it's cooking	ribs
name a food that you become very thirsty while eating.	chips
name a food that you become very thirsty while eating.	popcorn
name a food that you become very thirsty while eating.	peanuts
name a food that you become very thirsty while eating.	pizza
name a food that you become very thirsty while eating.	crackers
name a food that you become very thirsty while eating.	ice cream
name something you might see in a beauty shop.	hair dryer
name something you might see in a beauty shop.	scissors
name something you might see in a beauty shop.	make up
name something you might see in a beauty shop.	salon chairs
name something you might see in a beauty shop.	shampoo
name something you might see in a beauty shop.	women
name something runners do right after they finish a marathon	drink water
name something runners do right after they finish a marathon	rest
name something runners do right after they finish a marathon	celebrate
name something runners do right after they finish a marathon	walk around
name something runners do right after they finish a marathon	eat
name a breed of dog that everyone has heard of.	poodle
name a breed of dog that everyone has heard of.	pit bull
name a breed of dog that everyone has heard of.	german shepherd
name a breed of dog that everyone has heard of.	labrador
name a breed of dog that everyone has heard of.	collie
name a breed of dog that everyone has heard of.	dalmation
name a symptom that would cause you to say: "i think i'm coming down with something."	runny nose
name a symptom that would cause you to say: "i think i'm coming down with something."	coughing
name a symptom that would cause you to say: "i think i'm coming down with something."	sneezing
name a symptom that would cause you to say: "i think i'm coming down with something."	fever
name a symptom that would cause you to say: "i think i'm coming down with something."	sore throat
name a symptom that would cause you to say: "i think i'm coming down with something."	stuffy head
name something very old that you find at many museums	dinosaur bones
name something very old that you find at many museums	mummy
name something very old that you find at many museums	paintings
name something very old that you find at many museums	statues
name something very old that you find at many museums	fossils
name a color a teenager might dye her hair that would annoy her parents.	green
name a color a teenager might dye her hair that would annoy her parents.	blue
name a color a teenager might dye her hair that would annoy her parents.	pink
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	lawyer
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	reporter
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	telemarketer
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	doctor
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	detective
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	teacher
name a good job for someone who asks a lot of questions	therapist
name an advantage of working at home.	spend time with kids
name an advantage of working at home.	set own hours
name an advantage of working at home.	dress casual
name an advantage of working at home.	sleep in
name an advantage of working at home.	rest
name an advantage of working at home.	no boss
name something a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman.	grey wig
name something a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman.	cane
name something a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman.	glasses
name something a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman.	old dress
name something a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman.	shawl/scarf
name something a girl would need if she wanted to impersonate an elderly woman.	handbag
name something a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge.	ski
name something a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge.	sled
name something a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge.	ice skate
name something a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge.	snowboard
name something a family might do on vacation at a winter lodge.	sit by fire
name something cheesy people do in family portraits	wide smile
name something cheesy people do in family portraits	bunny ears
name something cheesy people do in family portraits	make faces
name something cheesy people do in family portraits	pose
name something cheesy people do in family portraits	dress alike
name the time of night when it's too late to call someone's house.	10
name the time of night when it's too late to call someone's house.	12
name the time of night when it's too late to call someone's house.	11
name the time of night when it's too late to call someone's house.	9
name a food that dogs love just as much as humans do.(meat is not an answer, be more specific)	steak
name a food that dogs love just as much as humans do.(meat is not an answer, be more specific)	chicken
name a food that dogs love just as much as humans do.(meat is not an answer, be more specific)	bread
name a food that dogs love just as much as humans do.(meat is not an answer, be more specific)	hamburger
name a food that dogs love just as much as humans do.(meat is not an answer, be more specific)	cheese
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	food/drink
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	bathroom
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	lip balm/makeup
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	toothbrush
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	towel/washcloth
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	comb/brush
name something that a germophobe would hate to share	headphones
name a vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking	onion
name a vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking	cabbage
name a vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking	broccoli
name a vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking	garlic
name a vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking	asparagus
name a vegetable that has an unmistakable smell when cooking	corn
name something you find on a fast food burger.	beef
name something you find on a fast food burger.	ketchup
name something you find on a fast food burger.	mustard
name something you find on a fast food burger.	lettuce
name something you find on a fast food burger.	grease
name something you find on a fast food burger.	pickles
name something you find on a fast food burger.	onions
name a milestone for most teenagers	driver's license
name a milestone for most teenagers	graduation
name a milestone for most teenagers	first kiss/ date
name a milestone for most teenagers	prom
name a milestone for most teenagers	college
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	cat in the hat
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	indiana jones
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	sherlock holmes
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	willy wonka
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	dick tracey
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	zorro
name a movie character who always wears a hat.	peter pan
name a complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room	dirty
name a complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room	noise
name a complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room	no towels
name a complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room	smell
name a complaint a costumer might have about their hotel room	temperature
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	stay up late
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	party
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	become rich
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	sleep in
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	no house rules
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	eat junk food
name something kids say they'd do if they were an adult, but that adults rarely do.	travel
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	pass gass
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	pee
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	snort
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	spit
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	teeth fall out
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	cry
name something embarrassing that might happen while you're laughing	burp
name something you might put on top of a salad.	dressing
name something you might put on top of a salad.	croutons
name something you might put on top of a salad.	cheese
name something you might put on top of a salad.	fruit
name something you might put on top of a salad.	bacon
name something no christmas party should be without	egg nog
name something no christmas party should be without	tree
name something no christmas party should be without	gifts
name something no christmas party should be without	santa claus
name something no christmas party should be without	drinks
name something no christmas party should be without	food
name something no christmas party should be without	mistletoe
name something a person might change after breaking up with a partner	phone number
name something a person might change after breaking up with a partner	hair
name something a person might change after breaking up with a partner	name
name something a person might change after breaking up with a partner	locks
name something a person might change after breaking up with a partner	address
name something a child might cry over losing.	toy
name something a child might cry over losing.	blanket
name something a child might cry over losing.	pet
name something a child might cry over losing.	teddy bear
name something a child might cry over losing.	tooth
name something a child might cry over losing.	game
name a gameshow that has been around forever	price is right
name a gameshow that has been around forever	wheel of fortune
name a gameshow that has been around forever	family feud
name a gameshow that has been around forever	jeopardy
name something that is rude to do when someone is taking to you	interupt
name something that is rude to do when someone is taking to you	look away
name something that is rude to do when someone is taking to you	leave the room
name something that is rude to do when someone is taking to you	yawn
name something that is rude to do when someone is taking to you	use cell phone
name something that is rude to do when someone is taking to you	not make eye contact
name a specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth	soup
name a specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth	pudding/jello
name a specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth	ice cream
name a specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth	mashed poatoes
name a specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth	apple sauce
name a specific food that you could still eat if you lost all your teeth	oatmeal
name something you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do?	birds and the bees
name something you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do?	drinking
name something you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do?	relationships
name something you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do?	money
name something you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do?	smoking
name something you dreaded talking to your parents about as a teen, and still do?	politics
name a sound that causes dogs to bark	siren
name a sound that causes dogs to bark	doorbell
name a sound that causes dogs to bark	passing car
name a sound that causes dogs to bark	whistle
name a sound that causes dogs to bark	cat's meow
name a sound that causes dogs to bark	other dogs
name an occupation that would never drive a small car	bus driver
name an occupation that would never drive a small car	trucker
name an occupation that would never drive a small car	limo driver
name an occupation that would never drive a small car	fireman
name an occupation that would never drive a small car	postal delivery
name an occupation that would never drive a small car	construction worker
name an animal thats not loved by many people	snake
name an animal thats not loved by many people	bear
name an animal thats not loved by many people	shark
name an animal thats not loved by many people	rat
name a way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien	strange appearance
name a way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien	weird eyes
name a way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien	large ears
name a way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien	antennas
name a way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien	speech
name a way you might be able to tell your baby is really an alien	he can fly
name something people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious.	pass gas
name something people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious.	show affection
name something people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious.	eat
name something people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious.	undress
name something people don't want to do in front of somebody they're dating, until they get serious.	use the restroom
name something you bring to a tailgate party	beer
name something you bring to a tailgate party	food
name something you bring to a tailgate party	grill
name something you bring to a tailgate party	truck
name a part of a fish that most people don't eat.	head
name a part of a fish that most people don't eat.	eyes
name a part of a fish that most people don't eat.	tail/fin
name a part of a fish that most people don't eat.	bones
name a part of a fish that most people don't eat.	scales
name a part of a fish that most people don't eat.	giills
name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	napkin
name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	paper towel
name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	handkerchief
name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	tissue
name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	sleeve
name something a person uses to wipe their mouth with.	wash cloth
name a sport that requires water in order to be played	swimming
name a sport that requires water in order to be played	water polo
name a sport that requires water in order to be played	surfing
name a sport that requires water in order to be played	water skiing
name something a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house	old clothes
name something a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house	toys
name something a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house	funiture
name something a grown child may leave in storage at his parents' house	photos
name something a writer uses to work?	pen
name something a writer uses to work?	computer
name something a writer uses to work?	pencil
name something a writer uses to work?	paper
name something a writer uses to work?	internet
name something a writer uses to work?	lamp
name something a writer uses to work?	type writer
name a kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around	barbie doll
name a kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around	yo yo
name a kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around	baby doll
name a kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around	top
name a kids toy your parents might have played with thats still around	hula hoop
name an exercise highschool gym teachers make you do.	jumping jacks
name an exercise highschool gym teachers make you do.	run
name an extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child.	team sports
name an extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child.	music lessons
name an extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child.	dance class
name an extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child.	theatre
name an extracurricular activity that parents say is good for a child.	martial arts
name a situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi	traffic jam
name a situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi	no money
name a situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi	want exercise
name a situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi	short distance
name a situation when its better to ride a bike than take a taxi	nice weather
name a topic that people might whisper about.	their love lives
name a topic that people might whisper about.	infidelity
name a topic that people might whisper about.	rumor
name a topic that people might whisper about.	divorce
name an animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship.	parrot
name an animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship.	minkey
name an animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship.	dog
name an animal that a pirate would most likely have on his ship.	snake
name something that costs twice as much as it is worth.	car
name something that costs twice as much as it is worth.	house
name something that costs twice as much as it is worth.	clothes
name something that costs twice as much as it is worth.	jewelry
name something that costs twice as much as it is worth.	tv
name something that costs twice as much as it is worth.	computer
name a reason a game show host might get fired	cursing
name a reason a game show host might get fired	intoxicated
name a reason a game show host might get fired	rude
name a reason a game show host might get fired	cheating
name a reason a game show host might get fired	not funny
name a job which is busiest in the summer time	lifeguard
name a job which is busiest in the summer time	gardening
name a job which is busiest in the summer time	theme park employees
name a job which is busiest in the summer time	ice cream vendor
name a job which is busiest in the summer time	construction
name a job which is busiest in the summer time	painter
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	pie
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	fruit salad
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	jello
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	strawberry shortcake
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	banana split
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	fruit cake
name a dessert that's made with fruit.	sherbet
name someone who wears white gloves	doctor
name someone who wears white gloves	mickey mouse
name someone who wears white gloves	nurse
name someone who wears white gloves	dentist
name someone who wears white gloves	band instructor
name someone who wears white gloves	police officer
name a piece of information that might be on a dog's tag.	name
name a piece of information that might be on a dog's tag.	address
name a piece of information that might be on a dog's tag.	phone number
name a piece of information that might be on a dog's tag.	owner's name
name a piece of information that might be on a dog's tag.	reward
name something thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for	vegetables/ salad
name something thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for	salt
name something thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for	silverware/ plates
name something thats on your dinner table every night that the dog wont beg for	napkin/ tablecloth
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	salmon
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	trout
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	flounder
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	swordfish
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	red fish
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	bass
name a fish that tastes good grilled.	catfish
name something that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it	finances
name something that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it	having kids
name something that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it	showing affection
name something that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it	religion
name something that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it	fidelity
name something that might break a couple up if they disagreed about it	parenting
name a phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away.	free gift
name a phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away.	call now
name a phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away.	on sale
name a phrase that's said in commercials to get you to buy the product right away.	limited time offer
name something your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do.	clean up mess
name something your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do.	take out trash
name something your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do.	dishes
name something your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do.	laundry
name something your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do.	make bed
name something your wife asks you to do that your mom also asks you to do.	eat better
name something about peter pan that is different from the average boy	he can fly
name something about peter pan that is different from the average boy	wears tights
name something about peter pan that is different from the average boy	never grows up
name something about peter pan that is different from the average boy	small
name something about peter pan that is different from the average boy	pointy ears
name a reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others.	tired
name a reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others.	sick
name a reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others.	bad weather
name a reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others.	going to work/school
name a reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others.	stayed up late
name a reason why it's harder to get out of bed on some days than on others.	it's monday
name a beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants	soda
name a beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants	coffee
name a beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants	tea
name a beverage you get re-filled for free at many restaurants	water
name something gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with	open doors
name something gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with	bring flowers
name something gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with	pay bills/dinner
name something gentlemen used to do for ladies that they no longer bother with	pulling out chair
name something many people would love to live next to	swimming area
name something many people would love to live next to	park
name something many people would love to live next to	shopping district
name something many people would love to live next to	bar
name something many people would love to live next to	celebrity's home
name something many people would love to live next to	school
name something a parent might scold a child for interrupting	conversation
name something a parent might scold a child for interrupting	date
name something a parent might scold a child for interrupting	work/meeting
name something a parent might scold a child for interrupting	movie/tv show
name a food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning	bacon
name a food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning	coffee
name a food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning	eggs
name a food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning	bread
name a food or drink that you smell outside a restaurant in the morning	doughnut
name something you might see in a country western music video.	cowboy hat
name something you might see in a country western music video.	guitar
name something you might see in a country western music video.	cowboy boots
name something you might see in a country western music video.	horses
name something you might see in a country western music video.	cowboys
name something you might see in a country western music video.	dancing
name something you might see in a country western music video.	truck
name a term that describes someone who comes in at first place.	winner
name a term that describes someone who comes in at first place.	champ
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	drive
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	go out
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	date
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	stay out late
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	move out
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	get a tattoo
name something an underage teen needs their parents permission to do	get married
name something you might use bricks to build.	house
name something you might use bricks to build.	wall
name something you might use bricks to build.	barbecue grill
name something you might use bricks to build.	fireplace
name something you might use bricks to build.	patio
name something you might use bricks to build.	doghouse
name something you might use bricks to build.	stairs
name something that gets into your house if you leave food out	ants
name something that gets into your house if you leave food out	rodents
name something that gets into your house if you leave food out	roaches
name something that gets into your house if you leave food out	flies
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	dog catcher
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	mail carrier
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	veterinarian
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	dog walker
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	pet shop manager
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	shelter worker
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of dogs.	dog trainer
name something you'd take camping but be arrested for if you brought it to a bank.	gun
name something you'd take camping but be arrested for if you brought it to a bank.	hatchet
name something you'd take camping but be arrested for if you brought it to a bank.	alcohol
name something you might find inside of a plastic egg	candy
name something you might find inside of a plastic egg	pantyhose
name something you might find inside of a plastic egg	toys
name something you might find inside of a plastic egg	money
name something you might find inside of a plastic egg	balls
name a cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats	rice krispies
name a cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats	chex
name a cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats	cheerios
name a cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats	froot loops
name a cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats	corn flakes
name a cereal that is often use in the making of holiday treats	quaker oats
name a food served with melted butter on it. (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific)	baked potato
name a food served with melted butter on it. (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific)	popcorn
name a food served with melted butter on it. (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific)	corn
name a food served with melted butter on it. (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific)	pancake
name a food served with melted butter on it. (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific)	toast
name a food served with melted butter on it. (vegetables is not an answer, be more specific)	lobster
name a reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others.	loud sounds
name a reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others.	played too much
name a reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others.	too long
name a reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others.	catchy song
name a reason why some tv commercials are more irritating than others.	too boring
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	hair
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	jeans
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	towels
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	blankets
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	car
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	dishes
name something specific that takes longer to dry than to wash	dog
name something a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about	room service
name something a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about	getting more towels
name something a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about	wake up call
name something a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about	check out time
name something a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about	noise
name something a hotel guest calls the front desk to ask about	phone message
name something models and wrestlers both do.	pose
name something models and wrestlers both do.	work out
name something models and wrestlers both do.	act
name something models and wrestlers both do.	dress up
name something models and wrestlers both do.	fight
name something models and wrestlers both do.	strut
name a fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house	money
name a fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house	drugs
name a fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house	death
name a fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house	safety
name a fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house	coming back
name a fear parents have for their child when she moves out of the house	lonely
name something an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space	decent food
name something an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space	family
name something an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space	gravity
name something an astronaut has to go without when traveling in space	normal bathroom
name something a person might be picky about.	food
name something a person might be picky about.	clothes
name something a person might be picky about.	hairstyle
name something a person might be picky about.	dating
name something a person might be picky about.	car
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	play football
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	dance
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	swim
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	sleep
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	read
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	watch tv/movie
name an activity thats more fun to do when its raining outside	jog
name a bug that has many legs.	centipede
name a bug that has many legs.	spider
name something people file.	taxes
name something people file.	papers
name something a plant needs to grow.	water
name something a plant needs to grow.	fertilizer
name something a little kid might do that would annoy a department store santa.	pull his beard
name something a little kid might do that would annoy a department store santa.	yell
name something only a millionaire could own.	mansion
name something only a millionaire could own.	yacht
name something you'd probably find in most mansions.	butler
name something you'd probably find in most mansions.	chandelier
name something a duck has that a human doesn't	bill
name something a duck has that a human doesn't	feathers
name an activity you might do whilst in the mountains.	skiing
name an activity you might do whilst in the mountains.	snowboarding
name an activity you might do whilst in the mountains.	biking
name an activity you might do whilst in the mountains.	climbing
name an activity you might do whilst in the mountains.	hiking
name an activity you might do whilst in the mountains.	abseiling
name an event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over.	wedding
name an event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over.	vacation
name an event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over.	birth
name an event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over.	graduation
name an event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over.	meeting spouse
name an event in your life that you wouldn't mind reliving over and over.	teens
name something you could find in an art class.	paint
name something you could find in an art class.	paintbrushes
name something you would see a lot of in texas	oil wells
name something you would see a lot of in texas	cowboys
name something you would see a lot of in texas	cows
name a reason you might complain about your paperboy.	no paper
name a reason you might complain about your paperboy.	broken window
name a food that doesn't grow on trees.	potatoes
name a food that doesn't grow on trees.	carrots
name a food that doesn't grow on trees.	meat
name a food that doesn't grow on trees.	milk
name a food that doesn't grow on trees.	bread
name a food that doesn't grow on trees.	twinkies
name something denver is famous for.	mountains
name something denver is famous for.	skiing
name something denver is famous for.	mile high
name an occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much.	undertaker
name an occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much.	doctor/dentist
name an occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much.	police officer
name an occupation whose members don't seem to smile very much.	politician
name someone a rich person might hire to work for them.	maid
name someone a rich person might hire to work for them.	butler
name someone a rich person might hire to work for them.	driver
name something that gets sandy on a visit to the beach.	feet
name something that gets sandy on a visit to the beach.	towels
name a kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of.	jail
name a kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of.	car
name a kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of.	doctor's office
name a kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of.	grocery store
name a kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of.	maze
name a kind of place that is easier to get into than to get out of.	parking spot
name something women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off.	night gown
name something women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off.	flannel pajamas
name something women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off.	curlers
name something women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off.	sweatpants
name something women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off.	socks
name something women might wear to bed that would really turn a man off.	clothes
name a reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera.	next top model
name a reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera.	the apprentice
name a reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera.	jerry springer
name a reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera.	real world
name a reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera.	big brother
name a reality show where people turn into drama queens for the camera.	survivor
name something that crawls.	spider
name something that crawls.	baby
name something that fades over time.	clothes
name something that fades over time.	memory
name something that fades over time.	beauty
name something that fades over time.	paint
name something that fades over time.	love
name something that fades over time.	color
name something you'd hate to be without if you were climbing mt. everest.	rope
name something you'd hate to be without if you were climbing mt. everest.	coat
name something that is an american natural resource.	oil
name something that is an american natural resource.	water
name something that is an american natural resource.	coal
name something that is an american natural resource.	natural gas
name something belonging to your boss you might use if he or she was gone all day.	computer
name something belonging to your boss you might use if he or she was gone all day.	desk
name an animal that you hear at night	dog
name an animal that you hear at night	cat
name a reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing.	fall too much
name a reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing.	break leg
name a reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing.	sprained ankle
name a reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing.	hurting himself
name a reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing.	ran into tree
name a reason a first-timer might say they had a bad time skiing.	no snow
name a professional who gets paid by the hour.	lawyer
name a professional who gets paid by the hour.	doctor
name a professional who gets paid by the hour.	plumber
name a professional who gets paid by the hour.	mechanic
name a professional who gets paid by the hour.	psychiatrist
name a professional who gets paid by the hour.	masseuse
name a food you lick off you fingers.	chicken
name a food you lick off you fingers.	sauce
name a food you lick off you fingers.	chocolate
name a food you lick off you fingers.	icing
name a food you lick off you fingers.	pizza
name a food you lick off you fingers.	ice cream
name a food you lick off you fingers.	donuts
name a food you lick off you fingers.	nachos
name something madonna has that the average woman might envy.	money
name something madonna has that the average woman might envy.	body
name a common holiday craft.	make ornaments
name a common holiday craft.	tree trim
name a common holiday craft.	card
name a musical instrument heard at a wedding.	organ
name a musical instrument heard at a wedding.	piano
name something people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it.	propose
name something people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it.	skydiving
name something people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it.	buying house
name something people think about for months before they get the nerve to do it.	tattoo
name something you would find in a chef salad.	lettuce
name something you would find in a chef salad.	cheese
name something you would find in a chef salad.	chicken
name something people develop.	pictures
name something people develop.	skills
name something people develop.	habits
name something people develop.	relationships
name a famous woman with abs of steel.	wonder woman
name a famous woman with abs of steel.	madonna
name a famous woman with abs of steel.	jillian michaels
name a famous woman with abs of steel.	jennifer aniston
name a famous woman with abs of steel.	angelina jolie
name a famous woman with abs of steel.	janet jackson
name something you "pull" out.	drawer
name something you "pull" out.	wallet
name something you "pull" out.	tooth
name something you "pull" out.	hair
name something you "pull" out.	plug
name something you "pull" out.	splinter
name something you "pull" out.	weeds
name something you "pull" out.	trash bag
name a present you would get your best friend for the holidays	gift card
name a present you would get your best friend for the holidays	card
name a country where people go to ski.	send us your answers!
name a country where people go to ski.	switzerland
name a job that makes men wear tights.	ballet
name a job that makes men wear tights.	baseball
name a job that makes men wear tights.	nurse
name a job that makes men wear tights.	musician
name a job that makes men wear tights.	circus
name something people do in the grand canyon.	hike
name something people do in the grand canyon.	take pictures
name something people do in the grand canyon.	raft
name a holiday when you'd see a parade.	thanksgiving
name a holiday when you'd see a parade.	christmas
name the biggest challenge of being married.	staying married
name the biggest challenge of being married.	compromise
name the biggest challenge of being married.	money
name the biggest challenge of being married.	communication
name the biggest challenge of being married.	getting alone
name the biggest challenge of being married.	romance alive
name the biggest challenge of being married.	spouse
name something that takes time to grow on you.	hair
name something that takes time to grow on you.	food
name something that takes time to grow on you.	music
name something that takes time to grow on you.	animals
name something that takes time to grow on you.	love
name something that takes time to grow on you.	wall color
name something people take out of storage in the fall.	warm clothes
name something people take out of storage in the fall.	rakes
name an animal that likes to eat fish.	bear
name an animal that likes to eat fish.	cats
name something on grandma that might be fake.	teeth
name something on grandma that might be fake.	ring
name a location where you had your first kiss.	car
name a location where you had your first kiss.	home
name a location where you had your first kiss.	school
name a location where you had your first kiss.	park
name a location where you had your first kiss.	beach
name a type of pie not made from fruit.	chocolate cream
name a type of pie not made from fruit.	pot pie
name a time when you might wear a mask.	send us your answers!
name a time when you might wear a mask.	halloween
name something in a person's house that stays on all night long.	refrigerator
name something in a person's house that stays on all night long.	clock
name something in a person's house that stays on all night long.	heating
name a type of test you can't study for	blood test
name a type of test you can't study for	eye test
name a type of test you can't study for	drug test
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants.	wine
name a beverage served at fancy restaurants.	champagne
name something you would get on a thanksgiving pizza.	turkey
name something you would get on a thanksgiving pizza.	gravy
name a musical instrument that would not make sense in a marching band.	piano
name a musical instrument that would not make sense in a marching band.	harp
name an animal you would never try to wrestle.	alligator
name an animal you would never try to wrestle.	bear
name an animal you would never try to wrestle.	lion
name a reason school might be closed	weather
name a reason school might be closed	holiday
name something a new couple does more often than a couple that has been together awhile.	show affection
name something a new couple does more often than a couple that has been together awhile.	intercourse
name something a new couple does more often than a couple that has been together awhile.	go out
name something that's usually more expensive at department stores than at drug stores.	clothes
name something that's usually more expensive at department stores than at drug stores.	perfume
name something you might budget for.	a new car
name something you might budget for.	send us your answers!
name a sport where you still see athletes playing after they are forty.	golf
name a sport where you still see athletes playing after they are forty.	basketball
name an instrument least likely to get a band member groupies.	tuba
name an instrument least likely to get a band member groupies.	bass
name an instrument least likely to get a band member groupies.	flute
name something you use to decorate a snowman.	carrot
name something you use to decorate a snowman.	hat
name something that attracts flies.	food
name something that attracts flies.	poop
name something that attracts flies.	rotten fruit
name a place where you would not want to get a flat tire.	highway
name a place where you would not want to get a flat tire.	send us your answers!
name something you might blame on a headache.	stress
name something you might blame on a headache.	work
name something you might blame on a headache.	cold
name something they sell in a survival store.	hunting knives
name something they sell in a survival store.	flashlight
name a spanish word everybody knows.	si
name a spanish word everybody knows.	hola
name a specific chore kids do to earn their allowance.	take out trash
name a specific chore kids do to earn their allowance.	mow lawn
name a part of the body that gives you problems as you get older.	back
name a part of the body that gives you problems as you get older.	eyes
name something credit card companies offer, as a reward for signing up.	cash back
name something credit card companies offer, as a reward for signing up.	free miles
name the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of".	cat
name the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of".	snake
name the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of".	alligator
name the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of".	pitbull
name the worst pet to put on the sign, "beware of".	fish
name a good job for someone who likes to work outdoors	gardener
name a good job for someone who likes to work outdoors	builder
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	new job
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	getting married
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	job interview
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	trip
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	test
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	doctor
name a reason people might wish you good luck.	graduation
name a non-alcoholic drink you can get at a bar.	soda
name a non-alcoholic drink you can get at a bar.	shirley temple
name a specific skill you'd have to be good to be a professional baseball player.	hitting
name a specific skill you'd have to be good to be a professional baseball player.	throwing
name a reason a student might have to raise their hand in class.	bathroom
name a reason a student might have to raise their hand in class.	ask question
name something dogs love to do that cats probably think is ridiculous.	chase own tail
name something dogs love to do that cats probably think is ridiculous.	fetch
name something dogs love to do that cats probably think is ridiculous.	eat bone
name a sea creature that would never fit in your home aquarium.	whale
name a sea creature that would never fit in your home aquarium.	shark
name something parents tell their kids not to waste.	food
name something parents tell their kids not to waste.	money
name something parents tell their kids not to waste.	water
name something parents tell their kids not to waste.	electricity
name something parents tell their kids not to waste.	time
name something parents tell their kids not to waste.	life
name something people can ride.	horse
name something people can ride.	bicycle
name something people can ride.	bus
name something people can ride.	roller coaster
name something people can ride.	train
name someplace a child goes for the first time that might be traumatic.	school
name someplace a child goes for the first time that might be traumatic.	circus
name a place people spend more money than they want to.	department store
name a place people spend more money than they want to.	grocery store
name a reason your flight might be cancelled.	bad weather
name a reason your flight might be cancelled.	ice
name a reason your flight might be cancelled.	mechanical problems
name a reason your flight might be cancelled.	no interest
name something people use to cure a backache.	heating pads
name something people use to cure a backache.	massage
name the most annoying monthly bill.	telephone
name the most annoying monthly bill.	electricity
name the most annoying monthly bill.	cable
name something on everyone's driver license	date of birth
name something on everyone's driver license	name
name an occupation in which you're always on your feet.	waiting tables
name an occupation in which you're always on your feet.	nurse
name an occupation in which you're always on your feet.	sales
name an occupation in which you're always on your feet.	mail carrier/ups
name a famous person who lived in the old west.	jesse james
name a famous person who lived in the old west.	wyatt earp
name a famous person who lived in the old west.	wild bill hickok
name something you don't want to run over with a vacuum.	cat
name something you don't want to run over with a vacuum.	coin
name something you don't want to run over with a vacuum.	marble
name something you don't want to run over with a vacuum.	dog
name something you don't want to run over with a vacuum.	nail
name something you don't want to run over with a vacuum.	cord
name a bad homemade holiday present.	fruitcake
name a bad homemade holiday present.	sweater
name something detroit is known for.	cars
name something detroit is known for.	motown
name something detroit is known for.	pistons
name something detroit is known for.	detroit lions
name something detroit is known for.	crime
name something a doctor might wear while examining a patient	gloves
name something a doctor might wear while examining a patient	stethoscope
name a sea creature you would like in a water polo team.	octopus
name a sea creature you would like in a water polo team.	dolphin
name a sea creature you would like in a water polo team.	shark
name a sea creature you would like in a water polo team.	seal
name a sea creature you would like in a water polo team.	seahorse
name something you find on a principal's desk.	pen
name something you find on a principal's desk.	ruler
name something you find on a principal's desk.	cane
name something you find on a principal's desk.	nameplate
name something you find on a principal's desk.	apple
name something you find on a principal's desk.	report cards
name something you find on a principal's desk.	paperwork
name something you find on a principal's desk.	telephone
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	jehova's witness
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	salesman
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	police officerq
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	bill collector
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	census
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	mormons
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	in-laws
name someone who might knock on your door that would cause you to pretend you're not home.	anybody
name something you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress.	poker chips
name something you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress.	money
name something you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress.	cards
name something you might see on a table when a poker game is in progress.	drinks
name something children lie to the babysitter about.	bedtime
name something children lie to the babysitter about.	homework
name something children lie to the babysitter about.	meals
name something children lie to the babysitter about.	hit another child
name something children lie to the babysitter about.	brush teeth
name something children lie to the babysitter about.	watching tv
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	write
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	hitchhike
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	tie shoes
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	use scissors
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	use a lighter
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	snap your fingers
name something it is impossible to do without a thumb.	knit
name something people do to make their feet feel good.	soak
name something people do to make their feet feel good.	massage
name something people sometimes bang on when it's not working.	tv/remote
name something people sometimes bang on when it's not working.	computer
name something people sometimes bang on when it's not working.	car
name something people sometimes bang on when it's not working.	vending machine
name something people sometimes bang on when it's not working.	radio
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	underwear
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	jeans
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	shoes
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	socks
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	t-shirt
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	jacket
name something you wear that you don't take to the dry cleaners.	ring
name something the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it.	remote control/tv
name something the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it.	toilet
name something the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it.	refrigerator
name something the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it.	telephone
name something the laziest person in the world might put next to their bed so they can roll over and use it.	microwave
name something parents do to their children to embarass them.	kiss them
name something parents do to their children to embarass them.	show baby pictures
name something parents do to their children to embarass them.	yell at them
name something parents do to their children to embarass them.	brag
name something parents do to their children to embarass them.	dance
name a part of a car you open and close.	door
name a part of a car you open and close.	trunk
name a part of a car you open and close.	hood
name a part of a car you open and close.	glove compartment
name something a soldier should always have with him.	weapon/ammo
name something a soldier should always have with him.	dog tag/id
name something a soldier should always have with him.	helmet
name something a soldier should always have with him.	compass
name something a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him.	marital status
name something a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him.	net worth
name something a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him.	personality
name something a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him.	honest
name something a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him.	family background
name something a woman needs to know about a man before she marries him.	occupation
name something you would need if you were crossing the desert.	water
name something you would need if you were crossing the desert.	umbrella
name something you would need if you were crossing the desert.	camel
name something you would need if you were crossing the desert.	compass
name a type of cheese americans like the best.	cheddar
name a type of cheese americans like the best.	american
name a type of cheese americans like the best.	swiss
name a type of cheese americans like the best.	mozzarella
name a type of cheese americans like the best.	provolone
name a gift that little kids hate to get for christmas.	clothes
name a gift that little kids hate to get for christmas.	books
name a gift that little kids hate to get for christmas.	cards
name a gift that little kids hate to get for christmas.	fruit cake
name a gift that little kids hate to get for christmas.	money
name something you might buy for a backyard barbecue.	charcoal
name something you might buy for a backyard barbecue.	table
name something you might buy for a backyard barbecue.	barbecue sauce
name something you might buy for a backyard barbecue.	lawn chairs
name something you might buy for a backyard barbecue.	hamburgers
name something you might buy for a backyard barbecue.	soda
name a book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it.	dictionary
name a book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it.	encyclopedia
name a book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it.	bible
name a book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it.	phonebook
name a book that could knock you out if you were hit over the head with it.	war and peace
name something specific that a lot of country western songs are about.	love
name something specific that a lot of country western songs are about.	truck
name something specific that a lot of country western songs are about.	cheating
name something specific that a lot of country western songs are about.	horse
name a quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband.	workaholic
name a quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband.	ambition
name a quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband.	generosity
name a quality that makes a successful man successful, but also makes him not such a good husband.	ruthlessness
name a country that no longer exists.	soviet union
name a country that no longer exists.	yugoslavia
name a country that no longer exists.	czechoslovakia
name a country that no longer exists.	siam
name a country that no longer exists.	tibet
name a country that no longer exists.	west germany
name something you always keep by your phone.	pen
name something you always keep by your phone.	phone book
name something you always keep by your phone.	paper
name something you always keep by your phone.	answering machine
name something you always keep by your phone.	clock
name something you always keep by your phone.	address book
name something you always keep by your phone.	pager
name something a man might still do for a woman when they go out on a date.	open doors
name something a man might still do for a woman when they go out on a date.	pay
name a movie that starred denzel washington.	training day
name a movie that starred denzel washington.	john q
name a movie that starred denzel washington.	remember titans
name a movie that starred denzel washington.	philadelphia
name a movie that starred denzel washington.	out of time
name a movie that starred denzel washington.	fallen
name a rule that parents might have when their teenager starts dating.	curfew
name a rule that parents might have when their teenager starts dating.	no kissing
name a rule that parents might have when their teenager starts dating.	no drinking
name a game you might play in a casino.	blackjack
name a game you might play in a casino.	slot machine
name a game you might play in a casino.	poker
name a game you might play in a casino.	roulette
name a game you might play in a casino.	craps
name a children's tv show that teaches them something.	sesame street
name a children's tv show that teaches them something.	barney
name something you did as a teen that you've still never told your parents about.	try a cigarette
name something you did as a teen that you've still never told your parents about.	date
name something you did as a teen that you've still never told your parents about.	sneak out
name something you worry about when it begins to rain	hair messed up
name something you worry about when it begins to rain	car windows down
name something you put on your teeth.	toothpaste
name something you put on your teeth.	braces
name something you put on your teeth.	whitening
name something you put on your teeth.	toothbrush
name something you absolutely hate about being in a hospital.	the food
name something you absolutely hate about being in a hospital.	shots/procedures
name something you absolutely hate about being in a hospital.	waiting/confined
name something you absolutely hate about being in a hospital.	hospital gown
name something you absolutely hate about being in a hospital.	being awakened
name something you absolutely hate about being in a hospital.	sick/in pain
name a public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene.	restaurant
name a public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene.	mall/store
name a public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene.	bar
name a public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene.	park
name a public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene.	street/sidewalk
name a public place where you've witnessed couples fighting and making a scene.	subway
name an animal that has paws.	dog
name an animal that has paws.	bear
name an animal that has paws.	cat
name an animal that has paws.	tiger
name an animal that has paws.	lion
name a part of the body that twitches.	eye
name a part of the body that twitches.	leg
name a part of the body that twitches.	finger
name a part of the body that twitches.	cheek
name a part of the body that twitches.	arm
name a character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show."	opie
name a character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show."	aunt bee
name a character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show."	barney
name a character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show."	andy
name a character from the fictional town of mayberry on "the andy griffith show."	goober
name something chickens do.	lay eggs
name something chickens do.	cluck
name something chickens do.	peck
name something chickens do.	scratch
name a specific household chore a bachelor neglects.	doing dishes
name a specific household chore a bachelor neglects.	cleaning bathroom
name a specific household chore a bachelor neglects.	dusting
name a specific household chore a bachelor neglects.	doing laundry
name a kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth.	corn
name a kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth.	beef
name a kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth.	candy
name a kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth.	chicken
name a kind of food that gets stuck between your teeth.	peanut butter
name a movie that has the word "war" in its title.	war of the worlds
name a movie that has the word "war" in its title.	war and peace
name a movie that has the word "war" in its title.	star wars
name a movie that has the word "war" in its title.	war of the roses
name an animal that might pester you on a camping trip.	bear
name an animal that might pester you on a camping trip.	dog catcher
name an animal that might pester you on a camping trip.	racoon
name an animal that might pester you on a camping trip.	skunk
name an animal that might pester you on a camping trip.	squirrel
name an animal that might pester you on a camping trip.	3
name something specific you always run out of when you're sick.	medicine
name something specific you always run out of when you're sick.	tissue
name something specific you always run out of when you're sick.	soup
name something specific you always run out of when you're sick.	juice
name a food you could still eat even if you had no teeth.	soup
name a food you could still eat even if you had no teeth.	mashed potatos
name a food you could still eat even if you had no teeth.	jello
name a food you could still eat even if you had no teeth.	banana
name a food you could still eat even if you had no teeth.	apple sauce
name a food you could still eat even if you had no teeth.	pasta
name something people kiss for luck.	blarney stone
name something people kiss for luck.	rabbit's foot
name something people kiss for luck.	person
name something people kiss for luck.	cross
name something people kiss for luck.	4-leaf clover
name something people kiss for luck.	lucky penny
name a way to stay awake when you're dead tired:	drink coffee
name a way to stay awake when you're dead tired:	take a walk
name a way to stay awake when you're dead tired:	cold shower
name a way to stay awake when you're dead tired:	listen to music
name a way to stay awake when you're dead tired:	sing
name something that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to.	prices
name something that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to.	amiance
name something that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to.	food
name something that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to.	service
name something that is important to a man when choosing a restaurant to take his date to.	location
name a food that goes great with potato chips.	dips
name a food that goes great with potato chips.	hamburgers
name a food that goes great with potato chips.	hot dog
name a food that goes great with potato chips.	sandwiches
name a food that goes great with potato chips.	casserole
name something a hotel will give you for free.	shampoo
name something a hotel will give you for free.	soap
name something a hotel will give you for free.	breakfast
name something a hotel will give you for free.	towels
name something a hotel will give you for free.	internet
name something a hotel will give you for free.	coffee
name something you might be embarrassed to throw out.	underwear
name something you might be embarrassed to throw out.	feminine products
name something you might be embarrassed to throw out.	adult items
name something you might be embarrassed to throw out.	food
name something you might be embarrassed to throw out.	furniture
name a country known for its sexy men.	italy
name a country known for its sexy men.	france
name a country known for its sexy men.	usa
name a country known for its sexy men.	spain
name a country known for its sexy men.	australia
name a country known for its sexy men.	sweden
name something you do when you see a mouse in the house.	catch
name something you do when you see a mouse in the house.	scream
name something you do when you see a mouse in the house.	kill it
name something you do when you see a mouse in the house.	run away
name something you do when you see a mouse in the house.	jump
name something you do when you see a mouse in the house.	get cat
name something an adult might save their money to buy.	cars
name something an adult might save their money to buy.	house
name something an adult might save their money to buy.	vacations
name something an adult might save their money to buy.	having children
name something important you keep in your glove compartment:	registration
name something important you keep in your glove compartment:	flashlight
name something important you keep in your glove compartment:	insurance card
name something important you keep in your glove compartment:	map
name something important you keep in your glove compartment:	first aid kit
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	yell/scream
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	hit/punch
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	call names
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	curse/swear
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	cry
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	throw things
name something children do when they fight that adults also do when they fight.	bite
name a reason why a wedding might be canceled.	cold feet
name a reason why a wedding might be canceled.	weather
name a reason why a wedding might be canceled.	cheating
name a reason why a wedding might be canceled.	broke up
name a reason why a wedding might be canceled.	bachelor party
name a u.s. first lady.	michelle obama
name a u.s. first lady.	jacqueline kennedy
name a u.s. first lady.	hillary clinton
name a u.s. first lady.	barbara bush
name a u.s. first lady.	nancy reagan
name a reason why a pirate might be lost at sea.	storm
name a reason why a pirate might be lost at sea.	no compass
name a reason why a pirate might be lost at sea.	no map
name a reason why a pirate might be lost at sea.	shipwreck
name a reason why a pirate might be lost at sea.	too drunk
name a comfort food.	chocolate
name a comfort food.	ice cream
name a comfort food.	mac and cheese
name a comfort food.	soup
name a comfort food.	mashed potato
name a comfort food.	fried chicken
name a comfort food.	pizza
name something that sticks to walls.	paint
name something that sticks to walls.	wallpaper
name something that sticks to walls.	flies
name something that sticks to walls.	glue
name a place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners:	restaurant
name a place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners:	church
name a place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners:	dinner table
name a place where kids must be reminded to mind their manners:	grandma's
name something rude people do while smoking.	blow smoke at you
name something rude people do while smoking.	spit
name something rude people do while smoking.	smoke while eating
name something rude people do while smoking.	throw butt on ground
name something specific that wax is used for.	candles
name something specific that wax is used for.	floors
name something specific that wax is used for.	cars
name something specific that wax is used for.	hair removal
name a kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it.	corvette
name a kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it.	ferrari
name a kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it.	porsche
name a kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it.	jaguar
name a kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it.	mustang
name a kind of car that has "speeding ticket" written all over it.	lamborghini
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	cucumber
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	avocado
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	banana
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	strawberry
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	apple
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	lemon
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	watermelon
name a fruit or vegetable used as a beauty aid.	carrot
name an olympic event in which speed is not important.	gymnastics
name an olympic event in which speed is not important.	diving
name an olympic event in which speed is not important.	volleyball
name an olympic event in which speed is not important.	shot put
name an olympic event in which speed is not important.	archery
name an olympic event in which speed is not important.	long jump
name something a college student might eat on the run.	apple
name something a college student might eat on the run.	sandwich
name something a college student might eat on the run.	pizza
name something a college student might eat on the run.	hamburger
name something a college student might eat on the run.	granola bar
name something a college student might eat on the run.	potato chips
name something a college student might eat on the run.	pop tart
name something marilyn monroe will always be remembered for.	blonde bombshell
name something marilyn monroe will always be remembered for.	dress in air
name something marilyn monroe will always be remembered for.	sang happy b'day
name something marilyn monroe will always be remembered for.	acting/movies
name something marilyn monroe will always be remembered for.	kennedy brothers
name something marilyn monroe will always be remembered for.	her mole
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	ruben studdard
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	fantasia barrino
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	carrie underwood
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	paula abdul
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	clay aiken
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	bo bice
name someone you once loved on "american idol."	constantine m.
name something from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane.	turkey
name something from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane.	carving knife
name something from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane.	alcohol
name something from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane.	gravy
name something from thanksgiving dinner you couldn't carry on a plane.	cranberry sauce
name an animal in the park people like to feed.	birds
name an animal in the park people like to feed.	squirrels
name an animal in the park people like to feed.	ducks
name an animal in the park people like to feed.	monkeys
name an animal in the park people like to feed.	goats
name an animal in the park people like to feed.	horses
name an occupation that edward scissorhands would be good at	gardener
name an occupation that edward scissorhands would be good at	barber
name an occupation that edward scissorhands would be good at	seamstress
name something you drink at the first sign of a cold to try to ward it off.	tea
name something you drink at the first sign of a cold to try to ward it off.	orange juice
name something that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do.	throw ball
name something that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do.	ride a bike
name something that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do.	pick up girls
name something that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do.	tie laces
name something that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do.	fight
name something that a big brother teaches his little brother how to do.	go to bathroom
name a famous robot from movies or tv.	r2d2
name a famous robot from movies or tv.	robocop
name a famous robot from movies or tv.	bender
name a famous robot from movies or tv.	wall-e
name a famous robot from movies or tv.	johnny 5
name something that health-conscious people look for food to be low in.	fat
name something that health-conscious people look for food to be low in.	sodium
name something that health-conscious people look for food to be low in.	carbohydrates
name something that health-conscious people look for food to be low in.	calories
name something that health-conscious people look for food to be low in.	cholesterol
name something that health-conscious people look for food to be low in.	sugar
name someone you should never lie to.	your parents
name someone you should never lie to.	your spouse
name someone you should never lie to.	priests
name someone you should never lie to.	yourself
name someone you should never lie to.	your boss
name something that has many wheels.	truck
name something that has many wheels.	car
name something that has many wheels.	train
name something that has many wheels.	bus
name something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	family photos
name something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	pet
name something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	clothes
name something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	kids
name something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	computers
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	politics
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	ceo
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	road work
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	manager
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	security guard
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	telemarketer
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	principal
name an occupation whose members it seems are being paid to do nothing.	dmv worker
name the most obnoxious person on tv.	rosie o'donnell
name the most obnoxious person on tv.	simon cowell
name the most obnoxious person on tv.	howard stern
name the most obnoxious person on tv.	judge judy
name the most obnoxious person on tv.	conan o'brien
name the most obnoxious person on tv.	donald trump
name a gift that a guest might bring to dinner.	bottle of wine
name a gift that a guest might bring to dinner.	flowers
name a gift that a guest might bring to dinner.	cake
name a gift that a guest might bring to dinner.	pie
name a gift that a guest might bring to dinner.	bread rolls
name an animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears.	elephant
name an animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears.	rabbit
name an animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears.	dog
name an animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears.	donkey
name an animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears.	monkey
name an animal you'd recognize by a picture of its ears.	kangaroo
name a celebrity that might make your spouse jealous	brad pitt
name a celebrity that might make your spouse jealous	denzel washington
name a celebrity that might make your spouse jealous	george clooney
name a celebrity that might make your spouse jealous	tom cruise
name a celebrity that might make your spouse jealous	angelina jolie
name something you wear on the beach.	swimsuit
name something you wear on the beach.	sunglasses
name something you wear on the beach.	flip flops
name something you wear on the beach.	sunscreen
name something that kids don't want to be teased about wearing.	glasses
name something that kids don't want to be teased about wearing.	braces
name something that kids don't want to be teased about wearing.	clothes
name a tv soap opera.	eastenders
name a tv soap opera.	coronation st.
name a tv soap opera.	emmerdale
name a tv soap opera.	neighbours
name a tv soap opera.	hollyoaks
name a tv soap opera.	brookside
name something people skip when they're feeling sick.	meals
name something people skip when they're feeling sick.	work
name something people skip when they're feeling sick.	school
name something people skip when they're feeling sick.	chores
name something people skip when they're feeling sick.	medication
name something people skip when they're feeling sick.	family functions
name something people use to protect themselves from the sun.	sunscreen
name something people use to protect themselves from the sun.	sunglasses
name something people use to protect themselves from the sun.	umbrella
name something people use to protect themselves from the sun.	hat
name something some men still consider unmanly to do.	cry
name something some men still consider unmanly to do.	housework
name something some men still consider unmanly to do.	manicure
name something some men still consider unmanly to do.	carry bag
name something some men still consider unmanly to do.	hug
name something some men still consider unmanly to do.	wear pink
name something inconsiderate that people do in parking lots.	parking in two spots
name something inconsiderate that people do in parking lots.	take your spot
name something inconsiderate that people do in parking lots.	litter
name something inconsiderate that people do in parking lots.	scrapes
name something inconsiderate that people do in parking lots.	parking in handicap
name a wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet.	tiger
name a wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet.	lion
name a wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet.	bear
name a wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet.	wolf
name a wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet.	skunk
name a wild animal that you'd be foolish to keep as a pet.	alligator
name a gift for someone who has just had a baby.	clothes
name a gift for someone who has just had a baby.	blanket
name a gift for someone who has just had a baby.	teddy
name a gift for someone who has just had a baby.	rattle
name a gift for someone who has just had a baby.	booties
name a gift for someone who has just had a baby.	jumpsuit
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	telephone
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	keyboard
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	toilet
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	doorknobs
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	desk
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	water cooler
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	pen
name something in your office that's covered in germs.	copy machine
name an award show where celebrities always cry when they win.	oscars
name an award show where celebrities always cry when they win.	emmy awards
name an award show where celebrities always cry when they win.	grammy awards
name an award show where celebrities always cry when they win.	miss america
name an award show where celebrities always cry when they win.	golden globe
name an award show where celebrities always cry when they win.	country music
name something people put their fingers in their mouth to do.	pick teeth
name something people put their fingers in their mouth to do.	floss
name something people put their fingers in their mouth to do.	bite nails
name something people put their fingers in their mouth to do.	suck finger/thumb
name something people put their fingers in their mouth to do.	whistle
name something people put their fingers in their mouth to do.	eat/taste food
name something you envy about your children.	they're young
name something you envy about your children.	energy
name something you envy about your children.	innocence
name something you envy about your children.	no worries
name something you envy about your children.	freedom
name something you envy about your children.	opportunities
name something you envy about your children.	friends
name a specific topping people put on yogurt.	strawberries
name a specific topping people put on yogurt.	granola
name a specific topping people put on yogurt.	chocolate
name a specific topping people put on yogurt.	nuts
name a specific topping people put on yogurt.	whipped cream
name a specific topping people put on yogurt.	sprinkles
name something you put on a sandwich.	bread
name something you put on a sandwich.	ham
name something you put on a sandwich.	turkey
name something you put on a sandwich.	mayonnaise
name something you put on a sandwich.	peanut butter
name a public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene.	restaurant
name a public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene.	park
name a public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene.	bar/nightclub
name a public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene.	mall
name a public place where you might see quarreling lovers make a scene.	movie/theater
name something that parents can't wait for their children to get out of.	out of house
name something that parents can't wait for their children to get out of.	out of diapers
name something that parents can't wait for their children to get out of.	school/college
name something that parents can't wait for their children to get out of.	adolescence
name an occupation whose members use the expression "off duty".	police officer
name an occupation whose members use the expression "off duty".	taxi driver
name an occupation whose members use the expression "off duty".	military
name an occupation whose members use the expression "off duty".	firefighter
name an occupation whose members use the expression "off duty".	security guard
name an occupation whose members use the expression "off duty".	lifeguard
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	take hot bath
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	sleep/dream
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	watch tv/movie
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	read a book
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	go to room
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	listen to music
name something you can do to get away from it all without ever leaving the house.	meditate
name a feature of a kangaroo.	tail
name a feature of a kangaroo.	pouch
name a feature of a kangaroo.	jumps
name a feature of a kangaroo.	feet
name a feature of a kangaroo.	austrailian
name a feature of a kangaroo.	paws
name a feature of a kangaroo.	joey
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	telephone
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	television
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	food
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	bathroom
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	diapers
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	water
name something a babysitter would hate to discover your house didn't have in it.	toilet paper
name a beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party.	kool aid
name a beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party.	punch
name a beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party.	soda
name a beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party.	lemonade
name a beverage that is served at a kid's birthday party.	milk
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belonged to a surgeon.	scalpel
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belonged to a surgeon.	stethoscope
name something you might find in a suitcase that would tell you it belonged to a surgeon.	scrubs
name something you might bring to someone who is sick.	soup
name something you might bring to someone who is sick.	flowers
name something you might bring to someone who is sick.	card
name something you might bring to someone who is sick.	medicine
name something you might bring to someone who is sick.	book
name something you might bring to someone who is sick.	fruit
name something that has passengers.	bus
name something that has passengers.	airplane
name something that has passengers.	car
name something that has passengers.	train
name something that has passengers.	boat
name a spice used in cooking.	pepper
name a spice used in cooking.	salt
name a spice used in cooking.	oregano
name a spice used in cooking.	cinnamon
name a spice used in cooking.	basil
name a famous man named "sean."	sean connery
name a famous man named "sean."	sean penn
name a famous man named "sean."	shawn wayans
name a famous man named "sean."	sean cassidy
name an animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you.	bear
name an animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you.	tiger
name an animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you.	dog
name an animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you.	lion
name an animal you hope you could outrun if it were chasing you.	cheetah
name a disney movie that made you cry.	bambi
name a disney movie that made you cry.	old yeller
name a disney movie that made you cry.	lion king
name a disney movie that made you cry.	beauty & beast
name a disney movie that made you cry.	snow white
name a disney movie that made you cry.	dumbo
name a disney movie that made you cry.	little mermaid
name a european city you would love to live in.	paris
name a european city you would love to live in.	london
name a european city you would love to live in.	barcelona
name a european city you would love to live in.	amsterdam
name a us hockey team that has a big following.	detroit red wings
name a us hockey team that has a big following.	new york rangers
name a us hockey team that has a big following.	chicago blackhawks
name a us hockey team that has a big following.	pittsburgh penguins
name a us hockey team that has a big following.	boston bruins
name something you would like to have named after you.	child
name something you would like to have named after you.	scholarship
name something you would like to have named after you.	street
name something you would like to have named after you.	hospital
name something you would like to have named after you.	award
name something that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad.	food
name something that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad.	service
name something that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad.	bug problem
name something that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad.	sanitary condition
name something that would keep you from going back to a restaurant if it was bad.	price
name a place where you often find money unexpectedly.	couch
name a place where you often find money unexpectedly.	pocket
name a place where you often find money unexpectedly.	street
name a place where you often find money unexpectedly.	laundry
name something a pirate might use to distract a guard.	parrot
name something a pirate might use to distract a guard.	sword
name something a pirate might use to distract a guard.	hook
name something a pirate might use to distract a guard.	lady
name something a pirate might use to distract a guard.	treasure
name something people postpone doing for as long as possible.	bills
name something people postpone doing for as long as possible.	cleaning
name something people postpone doing for as long as possible.	getting married
name something people postpone doing for as long as possible.	going to dentist
name something people postpone doing for as long as possible.	going to doctor
name something visitors are told not to do in a museum	touch
name something visitors are told not to do in a museum	talk
name a noisy food you'd hate for someone to chomp next to you at the movie theatre.	popcorn
name a noisy food you'd hate for someone to chomp next to you at the movie theatre.	chips
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	lois lane
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	batman
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	clark kent
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	spiderman
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	wonder woman
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	lilith
name someone superman might send a christmas card to.	sidekick
name something a workman might wipe on his workpants.	grease
name something a workman might wipe on his workpants.	hands
name something a workman might wipe on his workpants.	paint
name something a workman might wipe on his workpants.	dirt
name a job that is dangerous.	police officer
name a job that is dangerous.	firefighter
name a job that is dangerous.	construction worker
name a job that is dangerous.	miner
name a job that is dangerous.	window washer
name something little red riding hood suspected was different about her grandmother.	big teeth
name something little red riding hood suspected was different about her grandmother.	big eyes
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she is interested in.	sports
name something a woman pretends to be interested in to make conversation with a man she is interested in.	cars
name a body part that many love songs mention.	the heart
name a body part that many love songs mention.	lips
name a body part that many love songs mention.	the eyes
name a body part that many love songs mention.	the face
name something of yours that's falling apart.	body
name something of yours that's falling apart.	life
name something of yours that's falling apart.	car
name something of yours that's falling apart.	house
name something of yours that's falling apart.	furniture
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	christmas
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	4th of july
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	memorial day
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	new years
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	thanksgiving
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	veteran's day
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	labor day
name a holiday when the post office is closed.	president's birthday
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	money
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	health
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	insurance
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	friends
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	children
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	hair
name something people worry about not having in their old age.	teeth
name one of the seven dwarfs.	dopey
name one of the seven dwarfs.	sleepy
name one of the seven dwarfs.	grumpy
name one of the seven dwarfs.	sneezy
name one of the seven dwarfs.	happy
name one of the seven dwarfs.	doc
name one of the seven dwarfs.	bashful
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "silver".	bells
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "silver".	bullet
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "silver".	ware
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "silver".	anniversary
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "silver".	dollar
name a word or phrase that begins with the word "silver".	lining
name something you waited for that was worth the wait.	marriage
name something you waited for that was worth the wait.	children
name something you waited for that was worth the wait.	making love
name something you waited for that was worth the wait.	good food
name something you waited for that was worth the wait.	bathroom
name something you waited for that was worth the wait.	vacation
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	turkey
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	trash cans
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	pillow
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	suitcase
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	xmas stocking
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	teddy bear
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	purse
name something you stuff just as full as you can get it.	stomach
name something women spend too much money on.	clothes
name something women spend too much money on.	shoes
name something women spend too much money on.	cosmetics
name something women spend too much money on.	haircuts
name a movie classic where at the end the lovers go their separate ways.	casablanca
name a movie classic where at the end the lovers go their separate ways.	gone with the wind
name a movie classic where at the end the lovers go their separate ways.	the body guard
name something you would see on a late-night talk show.	celebrities
name something you would see on a late-night talk show.	band
name something you would see on a late-night talk show.	comedian
name something you would see on a late-night talk show.	tv host
name something you would see on a late-night talk show.	furniture
name a company that makes batteries.	energizer
name a company that makes batteries.	duracell
name a company that makes batteries.	rayovac
name a company that makes batteries.	die hard
name a company that makes batteries.	hard
name a company that makes batteries.	ac delco
name a company that makes batteries.	delco
name something a boxer wears for protection.	cup/jockstrap
name something a boxer wears for protection.	mouth guard
name something a boxer wears for protection.	boxing gloves
name something a boxer wears for protection.	headgear
name something a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her.	his clothes
name something a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her.	his pictures
name something a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her.	ring/jewelry
name something a woman throws out the window when she finds out her boyfriend has cheated on her.	him/the bum
name something people say they're on.	drugs/medication
name something people say they're on.	a diet
name something people say they're on.	the phone
name something people say they're on.	cloud 9
name something people say they're on.	on time
name something people say they're on.	vacation/trip
name something people say they're on.	a mission
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	church
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	bus
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	work
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	classroom
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	movie/theater
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	subway/train
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	doctor's office
name a kind of place where you're embarrassed when you doze off.	restaurant
name something a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it".	shoes
name something a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it".	purses
name something a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it".	clothes
name something a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it".	jewelry
name something a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it".	cute guy
name something a woman sees and thinks, "i gotta have it".	chocolate
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	bathroom tissue
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	paper
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	toilet paper
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	tp
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	dinner
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	sandwiches
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	nutrients
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	meals
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	suppers
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	lunches
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	desserts
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	tucker
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	eats
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	groceries
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	food
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	edibles
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	drink water
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	water
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	repellent
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	raid
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	bug repellent
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	off
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	insect repellent
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	mosquito repellent
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	deet
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	spray
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	matches
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	timber
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	lumber
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	log
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	kindling
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	firewood
name something you would hate to run out of when you go camping.	wood
name a profession that people often dislike.	lawyer
name a profession that people often dislike.	dentist
name a profession that people often dislike.	telemarketer
name a profession that people often dislike.	politician
name a flower often seen at weddings.	roses
name a flower often seen at weddings.	carnations
name a flower often seen at weddings.	lilies
name a flower often seen at weddings.	orchids
name a flower often seen at weddings.	tulips
name a profession that traditionally has more women than men.	nursing
name a profession that traditionally has more women than men.	teacher
name a profession that traditionally has more women than men.	maid
name a profession that traditionally has more women than men.	hairdresser
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	purse
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	backpack
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	cell phone
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	jacket
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	books
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	umbrella
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	gloves
name something you might accidentally leave on a bus.	wallet
name an occasion when people might include some cash in a card.	birthday
name an occasion when people might include some cash in a card.	wedding
name an occasion when people might include some cash in a card.	graduation
name an occasion when people might include some cash in a card.	christmas
name something people do with a christmas fruit cake.	throw away
name something people do with a christmas fruit cake.	eat it
name something people do with a christmas fruit cake.	re-gift
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	dog poop
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	dirt
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	gum
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	grass
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	ant
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	mud
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	dog fleas
name something you might find on your lawn that you'd hate to find on your carpet.	dead insects
name something that might get passed around.	balls
name something that might get passed around.	illness
name something that might get passed around.	food
name something that might get passed around.	cigarettes
name something that might get passed around.	gossip
name something that might get passed around.	baby
name something you shouldn't leave out in hot weather.	food
name something you shouldn't leave out in hot weather.	pet
name something you shouldn't leave out in hot weather.	ice
name something you shouldn't leave out in hot weather.	drink
name something you shouldn't leave out in hot weather.	sunscreen
name something you shouldn't leave out in hot weather.	electronics
name something that's hard to stay on.	diet
name something that's hard to stay on.	bull
name something that's hard to stay on.	bronco
name something that's hard to stay on.	skateboard
name something that's hard to stay on.	ball
name something parents do to get a baby to stop crying.	rocking
name something parents do to get a baby to stop crying.	feed
name something parents do to get a baby to stop crying.	pacifier
name something parents do to get a baby to stop crying.	walk them
name something parents do to get a baby to stop crying.	make faces
name something canada is famous for.	hockey
name something canada is famous for.	the cold
name something canada is famous for.	niagara falls
name something canada is famous for.	mounties
name something canada is famous for.	beer
name something canada is famous for.	bacon
name something a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage".	ex-boyfriend
name something a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage".	kids
name something a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage".	body weight
name something a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage".	makeup
name something a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage".	purse
name something a woman has that her boyfriend might consider "baggage".	clothes
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	sleeping
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	playing
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	licking
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	running
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	eating
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	barking
name something that dogs seem to enjoy doing.	digging
name something people do when they are happy.	smile
name something people do when they are happy.	laugh
name something people do when they are happy.	sing
name something people do when they are happy.	dance
name something people do when they are happy.	jump up and down
name something that comes in threes.	triplets
name something that comes in threes.	death
name something that comes in threes.	bad luck
name something that comes in threes.	blind mice
name something that comes in threes.	wishes
name something that comes in threes.	clothes
name something that comes in threes.	clover
name something that comes in threes.	holy trinity
name something that might cause your car not to start.	dead battery
name something that might cause your car not to start.	no gas
name something that might cause your car not to start.	cold weather
name something that might cause your car not to start.	engine trouble
name something that might cause your car not to start.	no water
name a good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together.	playing tennis
name a good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together.	golf/min. golf
name a good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together.	walking/hiking
name a good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together.	riding bikes
name a good outdoor sport for a husband and wife to do together.	swimming
name something every teacher needs.	students
name something every teacher needs.	patience
name something every teacher needs.	pencils
name something every teacher needs.	diploma
name something every teacher needs.	books
name something every teacher needs.	sense of humor
name something every teacher needs.	red pen
name something you might find on a fire truck.	hose
name something you might find on a fire truck.	ladder
name something you might find on a fire truck.	dalamatian
name something you might find on a fire truck.	firefighter
name something you might find on a fire truck.	siren/bell
name something you might have to watch out for while skiing the slopes.	trees
name something you might have to watch out for while skiing the slopes.	ice
name something people alphabetize.	address book
name something people alphabetize.	flies
name something people alphabetize.	recipes
name something people alphabetize.	lists
name something people alphabetize.	soup
name something people alphabetize.	spices
name something guests get hit with on "jerry springer."	fists/hands
name something guests get hit with on "jerry springer."	chairs
name something guests get hit with on "jerry springer."	pies/cakes
name something guests get hit with on "jerry springer."	hurtful words
name something guests get hit with on "jerry springer."	shoes
name something guests get hit with on "jerry springer."	underwear/bras
name something that people shorten:	skirt
name something that people shorten:	pants
name something that people shorten:	name
name something that people shorten:	hair
name something that you would see around a fireplace:	firewood
name something that you would see around a fireplace:	fireplace tools
name something that you would see around a fireplace:	fire screen
name something that you would see around a fireplace:	matches
name something that you would see around a fireplace:	andirons
name something that you would see around a fireplace:	mantel
name someting people bet on.	horserace
name someting people bet on.	poker
name someting people bet on.	football
name someting people bet on.	blackjack
name someting people bet on.	roulette
name something magicians try to escape from.	trunk/box
name something magicians try to escape from.	chains
name something magicians try to escape from.	water tank
name something magicians try to escape from.	handcuffs
name something magicians try to escape from.	straitjacket
name something magicians try to escape from.	cage
name a fruit you never buy just one of.	grapes
name a fruit you never buy just one of.	apple
name a fruit you never buy just one of.	orange
name a fruit you never buy just one of.	banana
name a fruit you never buy just one of.	strawberry
name a fruit you never buy just one of.	cherry
name something people are afraid of.	spiders
name something people are afraid of.	the dark
name something people are afraid of.	snakes
name something people are afraid of.	ghosts
name something people are afraid of.	heights
name something people are afraid of.	death
name something a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed.	tv
name something a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed.	lights
name something a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed.	computer
name something a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed.	radio
name something a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed.	mobile phone
name something a mom might ask her daughter to turn off because it's time for bed.	ipod
name something you might find a kid "buried" in.	sand
name something you might find a kid "buried" in.	snow
name something you might find a kid "buried" in.	toys
name something you might find a kid "buried" in.	leaves
name something you might find a kid "buried" in.	homework
name something that's foamy.	shaving cream
name something that's foamy.	soap/shampoo
name something that's foamy.	beer
name something that's foamy.	whipped cream
name a specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend.	reunion
name a specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend.	wedding
name a specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend.	funeral
name a specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend.	birthday
name a specific type of family function that your partner doesn't always want to attend.	dinner
name an activity that you typically do at summer camp.	learn to make fire
name an activity that you typically do at summer camp.	canoeing
name an activity that you typically do at summer camp.	roast marshmallows
name an activity that you typically do at summer camp.	go fishing
name a job that's hard to get if you have a prison record.	govern./politics
name a job that's hard to get if you have a prison record.	bank teller/bank
name a job that's hard to get if you have a prison record.	police
name a job that's hard to get if you have a prison record.	teacher/childcare
name a job that's hard to get if you have a prison record.	security job
name something people like to take photos of.	children
name something people like to take photos of.	nature
name something people like to take photos of.	family
name something people like to take photos of.	sunsets
name something people like to take photos of.	themselves
name something people expect to see in beverly hills.	celeb/rich people
name something people expect to see in beverly hills.	rodeo drive/shops
name something people expect to see in beverly hills.	fancy cars
name something people expect to see in beverly hills.	mansions
name something people expect to see in beverly hills.	palm trees
name a place perfect strangers sit next to each other.	movies
name a place perfect strangers sit next to each other.	bus
name a place perfect strangers sit next to each other.	diner
name a place perfect strangers sit next to each other.	airplane
name a place perfect strangers sit next to each other.	theater
name a place perfect strangers sit next to each other.	church
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	sleep/relax
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	unpack
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	shower
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	check mail
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	inspect house
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	open window
name the first thing you do at home when returning from a long vacation.	check messages
name a type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons.	concert
name a type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons.	movie
name a type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons.	sporting event
name a type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons.	prom/dance
name a type of ticket stub that you might keep for sentimental reasons.	airplane
name an occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude.	doctor/psych.
name an occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude.	judge
name an occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude.	mortician
name an occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude.	police officer
name an occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude.	secretary
name an occupation where laughing on the job would be considered rude.	clergy
name something you need for shaving.	razor
name something you need for shaving.	cream
name something you need for shaving.	hair
name something a plumber might have.	plunger
name something a plumber might have.	wrench
name something a plumber might have.	drain snake
name something a plumber might have.	pipes
name something a plumber might have.	plumber's crack
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	letters
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	pictures
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	diary
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	credit card
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	bra
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	draft card
name something personal of yours that you deliberately burn:	old clothes
name something you see on a country property.	cows
name something you see on a country property.	sheep
name something you see on a country property.	horses
name something you see on a country property.	fence
name something you see on a country property.	animals
name something you see on a country property.	trees
name something pirates would use as target practice.	bird
name something pirates would use as target practice.	ship
name something pirates would use as target practice.	bottles
name something pirates would use as target practice.	fish
name something pirates would use as target practice.	another pirate
name something pirates would use as target practice.	barrels
name a president of the united states who came from humble beginnings.	abraham lincoln
name a president of the united states who came from humble beginnings.	bill clinton
name a president of the united states who came from humble beginnings.	jimmy carter
name a president of the united states who came from humble beginnings.	harry truman
name something that tastes best fresh out of the oven.	bread
name something that tastes best fresh out of the oven.	pie
name a pet that doesn't live very long.	fish
name a pet that doesn't live very long.	birds
name a pet that doesn't live very long.	hamsters
name a pet that doesn't live very long.	housefly
name a pet that doesn't live very long.	mouse
name a pet that doesn't live very long.	turtle
name something that might get you detention.	fighting
name something that might get you detention.	talking
name something that might get you detention.	cutting glass
name something that might get you detention.	swearing
name something that might get you detention.	being late
name something that might get you detention.	not doing homework
name a common way to sign off an email.	regards
name a common way to sign off an email.	cheers
name a common way to sign off an email.	bye
name a common way to sign off an email.	see ya
name a common way to sign off an email.	love
name a common way to sign off an email.	thanks
name a place where someone might find summer romance.	the beach
name a place where someone might find summer romance.	summer camp
name a place where someone might find summer romance.	paris
name a place where someone might find summer romance.	vacation
name a place where someone might find summer romance.	the park
name a place where someone might find summer romance.	swimming pool
name a noise that people can't prevent themselves from making.	burp
name a noise that people can't prevent themselves from making.	sneeze
name a noise that people can't prevent themselves from making.	snore
name a noise that people can't prevent themselves from making.	passing gas
name a noise that people can't prevent themselves from making.	hiccup
name a noise that people can't prevent themselves from making.	cough
name something dogs can do for hours at a time.	sleep
name something dogs can do for hours at a time.	lick themselves
name something dogs can do for hours at a time.	play
name something dogs can do for hours at a time.	bark
name something dogs can do for hours at a time.	run
name something dogs can do for hours at a time.	eat
name a toy you might find in a little boy's room.	cars
name a toy you might find in a little boy's room.	truck
name a toy you might find in a little boy's room.	train
name a toy you might find in a little boy's room.	teddy
name a toy you might find in a little boy's room.	soldiers
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	soup
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	spaghetti
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	peas
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	corn on the cob
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	ice cream
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	rice
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	porridge
name a food that's difficult to eat with a fork.	fried chicken
name something department stores don't allow you to do in them.	smoke
name something department stores don't allow you to do in them.	eat/drink
name something department stores don't allow you to do in them.	shoplift/steal
name something department stores don't allow you to do in them.	try on underwear
name something department stores don't allow you to do in them.	open things
name something department stores don't allow you to do in them.	undress in aisles
name something you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot.	exercise
name something you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot.	sports
name something you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot.	work
name something you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot.	in sun
name something you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot.	spicy
name something you might do that could cause you to sweat a lot.	nervousness
name something parents ask their children to do more quietly.	play
name something parents ask their children to do more quietly.	speak
name something parents ask their children to do more quietly.	play their music
name something parents ask their children to do more quietly.	watch tv
name something parents ask their children to do more quietly.	chew
name something religious that is found in many homes.	cross
name something religious that is found in many homes.	bible
name something religious that is found in many homes.	statue
name something religious that is found in many homes.	pictures
name a type of fish people like to eat.	salmon
name a type of fish people like to eat.	catfish
name a type of fish people like to eat.	tuna fish
name a type of fish people like to eat.	tilapia
name a type of fish people like to eat.	trout
name a type of fish people like to eat.	cod fish
name something there is too much/ many of on tv.	reality shows
name something there is too much/ many of on tv.	commercials
name something there is too much/ many of on tv.	nudity
name something there is too much/ many of on tv.	crime/violence
name something you never clean in your house.	fan
name something you never clean in your house.	basement
name something you never clean in your house.	dishwasher
name something you never clean in your house.	trash can
name something that would tell you your blind date is british.	accent
name something that would tell you your blind date is british.	teeth
name something that would tell you your blind date is british.	dapper clothing
name something you need when setting a table.	silverware
name something you need when setting a table.	plates
name something most people have more of than they really need:	clothes
name something most people have more of than they really need:	fat
name something most people have more of than they really need:	bills
name something most people have more of than they really need:	food
name something most people have more of than they really need:	time
name a famous college located in california.	ucla
name a famous college located in california.	usc
name a famous college located in california.	stanford
name a famous college located in california.	berkley
name a famous college located in california.	cal tech
name a movie keanu reeves starred in.	matrix series
name a movie keanu reeves starred in.	speed
name a movie keanu reeves starred in.	bill & ted movies
name a movie keanu reeves starred in.	the devil's advocate
name a movie keanu reeves starred in.	point break
name a movie keanu reeves starred in.	replacements
name a chain of gas stations.	texaco
name a chain of gas stations.	shell
name a chain of gas stations.	arco
name a chain of gas stations.	mobil
name a chain of gas stations.	chevron
name a chain of gas stations.	conoco
name a chain of gas stations.	mobile
name a colour of the rainbow.	red
name a colour of the rainbow.	yellow
name a colour of the rainbow.	blue
name a colour of the rainbow.	pink
name a colour of the rainbow.	purple
name a colour of the rainbow.	indigo
name something you would miss if you were not in the u.s. for the 4th of july.	fireworks
name something you would miss if you were not in the u.s. for the 4th of july.	celebrating
name something you would miss if you were not in the u.s. for the 4th of july.	parades
name something you would miss if you were not in the u.s. for the 4th of july.	cookouts
name something you would miss if you were not in the u.s. for the 4th of july.	flags
name something you would miss if you were not in the u.s. for the 4th of july.	family
name something that gives off light.	lamp
name something that gives off light.	sun
name something that gives off light.	flashlight
name something that gives off light.	candle
name something that gives off light.	moon
name a greek god everyone knows.	zeus
name a greek god everyone knows.	poseidon
name a greek god everyone knows.	hera
name a greek god everyone knows.	ares
name a greek god everyone knows.	aphrodite
name a kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you.	restaurant
name a kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you.	store
name a kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you.	doctor
name a kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you.	grocery store
name a kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you.	car dealer
name a kind of business where they take their sweet time waiting on you.	post office
name something gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company.	finger
name something gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company.	bug
name something gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company.	hair
name something gross a person might say they found in their fast food so they can sue the company.	mouse
name something that can be arranged.	flowers
name something that can be arranged.	marriage
name something that can be arranged.	meeting
name something that can be arranged.	furniture/ room
name something that can be arranged.	music
name something that can be arranged.	funeral
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	wood
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	water
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	food
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	flashlights
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	tape
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	batteries
name something people buy to prepare for hurricanes.	candles
name something you might buy at a flea market.	furniture
name something you might buy at a flea market.	jewelry
name something you might buy at a flea market.	clothes
name something you might buy at a flea market.	antiques
name something you might buy at a flea market.	tools
name a reason you might not get hired for a job.	no experience
name a reason you might not get hired for a job.	criminal record
name a reason you might not get hired for a job.	appearance
name a reason you might not get hired for a job.	bad attitude
name a vegetable people grow in their garden.	tomato
name a vegetable people grow in their garden.	carrot
name a vegetable people grow in their garden.	green bean
name a vegetable people grow in their garden.	lettuce
name a vegetable people grow in their garden.	cucumber
name a food served in a high school cafeteria.	chicken nuggets
name a food served in a high school cafeteria.	macaroni and cheese
name a food served in a high school cafeteria.	hot dogs
name a food served in a high school cafeteria.	pizza
name something you have accidentally locked yourself out of.	car
name something you have accidentally locked yourself out of.	house
name a place where you see adults carrying sleeping children:	mall
name a place where you see adults carrying sleeping children:	fair
name a place where you see adults carrying sleeping children:	church
name a place where you see adults carrying sleeping children:	movie
name a place where you see adults carrying sleeping children:	airport
name a place where you see adults carrying sleeping children:	zoo
name a celebrity you wish people would compare you to.	oprah
name a celebrity you wish people would compare you to.	angelina jolie
name a celebrity you wish people would compare you to.	jennifer aniston
name a celebrity you wish people would compare you to.	marilyn monroe
name a celebrity you wish people would compare you to.	beyonce
name a celebrity you wish people would compare you to.	brad pitt
name something you would need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	pool
name something you would need if you wanted to play a game of water polo.	ball
name something you wish you had been born with more of.	money
name something you wish you had been born with more of.	brains
name something you wish you had been born with more of.	hair
name something you wish you had been born with more of.	height
name something you wish you had been born with more of.	family
name something you wish you had been born with more of.	good looks
name a musical instrument in a marching band.	drum
name a musical instrument in a marching band.	trumpet
name a musical instrument in a marching band.	trombone
name a musical instrument in a marching band.	tuba
name a musical instrument in a marching band.	bagpipes
name a beverage you drink to cool off.	water
name a beverage you drink to cool off.	iced tea
name a beverage you drink to cool off.	soda
name a beverage you drink to cool off.	lemonade
name a beverage you drink to cool off.	beer
name a beverage you drink to cool off.	gatorade
name something a man would hate to run out of just before a date.	money
name something a man would hate to run out of just before a date.	condoms
name something a man would hate to run out of just before a date.	cologne/aft'shave
name something a man would hate to run out of just before a date.	deodorant
name something a man would hate to run out of just before a date.	breath mints/gum
name something you accumulate through life.	wisdom
name something you accumulate through life.	money
name something you accumulate through life.	momories
name something you accumulate through life.	clothes
name something you accumulate through life.	photographs
name something you accumulate through life.	friends
name something you can snap.	chicken fingers
name something you can snap.	fingers
name something you can snap.	strips
name something you can snap.	buttons
name something you can snap.	snap buttons
name something you can snap.	leads
name something you can snap.	pencils
name something you can snap.	branches
name something you can snap.	sticks
name something you can snap.	twigs
name something you can snap.	sweet peas
name something you can snap.	peas
name one thing which might tell someone that fall is in the air.	falling leaves
name one thing which might tell someone that fall is in the air.	cool weather
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	soap
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	smoke
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	onion fumes
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	dust
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	chlorine
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	salt water
name something that gets in your eyes and stings them:	sweat
name something cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago.	airbags
name something cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago.	seat belt
name something cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago.	cd player
name something cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago.	computer
name something cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago.	cruise control
name something cars have today that they didn't have 50 years ago.	air conditioner
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	california
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	arizona
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	texas
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	nevada
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	florida
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	oklahoma
name a state that might go through a drought during the summer.	georgia
name something a police officer might carry.	gun
name something a police officer might carry.	billy club
name something a police officer might carry.	badge
name something a police officer might carry.	handcuffs
name something a police officer might carry.	flashlight
name something of yours that's black.	shoes
name something of yours that's black.	cat
name something of yours that's black.	purse
name something of yours that's black.	computer
name something of yours that's black.	car
name something of yours that's black.	hair
name a product that uses sexy women in its ads.	lingerie
name a product that uses sexy women in its ads.	perfume
name a product that uses sexy women in its ads.	beer
name a product that uses sexy women in its ads.	makeup
name a product that uses sexy women in its ads.	cars
name a product that uses sexy women in its ads.	swimsuit
name something that's better to do in the dark.	sleep
name something that's better to do in the dark.	make love/kiss
name something that's better to do in the dark.	watch tv/movie
name something that's better to do in the dark.	tell ghost story
name something that's better to do in the dark.	cry
name a good place to go on a first date.	movies
name a good place to go on a first date.	dinner
name a good place to go on a first date.	beach
name a good place to go on a first date.	mcdonald's
name a popular type of salad.	caesar
name a popular type of salad.	chef
name a popular type of salad.	garden
name a popular type of salad.	tuna
name a popular type of salad.	waldorf
name a popular type of salad.	potato
name something you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party.	umbrella
name something you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party.	sand
name something you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party.	pool
name something you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party.	torches
name something you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party.	volleyball net
name something you might put in your backyard to decorate if you were having a beach theme party.	palm tree
name something people stretch.	legs
name something people stretch.	muscles
name something people stretch.	clothes
name something people stretch.	elastic bands
name something people stretch.	arms
name something people stretch.	budgets
name something people do for someone who feels faint.	get water
name something people do for someone who feels faint.	sit/lie down
name something people do for someone who feels faint.	get cold cloth
name something people do for someone who feels faint.	fan them
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	horseshoes
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	baseball
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	volleyball
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	tag
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	football
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	bean bag toss
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	frisbee
name a game you might play at a 4th of july party.	hide and seek
name something that's big and yellow.	school bus
name something that's big and yellow.	big bird
name something that's big and yellow.	the sun
name something that's big and yellow.	banana
name something that's big and yellow.	taxi cab
name something that's big and yellow.	squash
name an animal that is known for being black and white.	zebra
name an animal that is known for being black and white.	panda
name an animal that is known for being black and white.	skunk
name an animal that is known for being black and white.	dalmatian/dog
name an animal that is known for being black and white.	cat
name an animal that is known for being black and white.	cow
name something people hate to clean.	toilet
name something people hate to clean.	oven
name something people hate to clean.	bathtub
name something people hate to clean.	windows
name something people hate to clean.	dishes
name something people hate to clean.	car
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	parade
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	football game
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	game
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	tube
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	television
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	boob tube
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	on television
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	tv
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	pep rally
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	school gym
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	high school gym
name somewhere you might see a marching band.	gymnasium
name something you might grow in your garden.	tomatoes
name something you might grow in your garden.	flowers
name something you might grow in your garden.	lettuce
name something you might grow in your garden.	cucumbers
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	runny nose
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	coughing
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	fever
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	sneezing
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	sore throat
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	stuffy head
name a sympton that would cause you to say, "i think i'm coming down with something."	chills
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	gray hair
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	wrinkles
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	pain/ailments
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	weight
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	crankiness
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	knowledge
name something that most people get more of the older they get.	money
name a beverage you can't imagine drinking on a hot day.	coffee
name a beverage you can't imagine drinking on a hot day.	hot chocolate
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	ashton kutcher
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	george clooney
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	tom cruise
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	sean combs
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	michael jackson
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	will smith
name a hollywood's biggest "mama's boy".	adam sandler
name a horror movie that's had a lot of sequels.	scream
name a horror movie that's had a lot of sequels.	halloween
name a horror movie that's had a lot of sequels.	friday the thirteenth
name a horror movie that's had a lot of sequels.	nightmare on elm street
name a horror movie that's had a lot of sequels.	frankenstein
name a horror movie that's had a lot of sequels.	jaws
name a kind of boat you couldn'd pull a water skier with.	row boat
name a kind of boat you couldn'd pull a water skier with.	sail boat
name a food recognizable by its odor:	onions
name a food recognizable by its odor:	fish
name a food recognizable by its odor:	garlic
name a food recognizable by its odor:	pizza
name a food recognizable by its odor:	cabbage
name a food recognizable by its odor:	popcorn
name a food recognizable by its odor:	cheese
name something you would have to get used to if you joined the military.	discipline
name something you would have to get used to if you joined the military.	early mornings
name something you would have to get used to if you joined the military.	hairstyle
name something you would have to get used to if you joined the military.	running
name something you would have to get used to if you joined the military.	food
name a sport that americans excel at.	football
name a sport that americans excel at.	basketball
name a sport that americans excel at.	baseball
name a sport that americans excel at.	swimming
name a sport that americans excel at.	golf
name something a surgeon might wear.	mask
name something a surgeon might wear.	gloves
name something a surgeon might wear.	scrubs
name something a surgeon might wear.	cap
name something you check if you're last one to leave the office at night.	doors are locked
name something you check if you're last one to leave the office at night.	lights off
name something you check if you're last one to leave the office at night.	computers off
name something you check if you're last one to leave the office at night.	security alarm
name something you check if you're last one to leave the office at night.	coffee
name something you might step on at the beach.	seashells
name something you might step on at the beach.	jellyfish
name something you might step on at the beach.	crabs
name something you might step on at the beach.	rocks
name something you might step on at the beach.	towels
name something you might step on at the beach.	broken glass
name someplace where you might have a picnic.	park
name someplace where you might have a picnic.	beach
name someplace where you might have a picnic.	backyard
name someplace where you might have a picnic.	school
name someplace where you might have a picnic.	woods
name a place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone.	bathroom
name a place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone.	church
name a place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone.	car/driving
name a place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone.	movie/theater
name a place you'd hate to be when you receive a call from your cell phone.	work
name a place you would not want your spouse to find you.	strip club
name a place you would not want your spouse to find you.	cheating
name a place you would not want your spouse to find you.	bars
name a place you would not want your spouse to find you.	casino
name something teenagers cannot live without.	cell phone
name something teenagers cannot live without.	music
name something teenagers cannot live without.	friends
name something teenagers cannot live without.	computers
name something teenagers cannot live without.	tv
name an animal a human might be able to outrun.	turtles
name an animal a human might be able to outrun.	snails
name an animal a human might be able to outrun.	dogs
name an animal a human might be able to outrun.	chickens
name an animal a human might be able to outrun.	sloths
name something you might eat at a seafood restaurant.	shrimp
name something you might eat at a seafood restaurant.	lobster
name something you might eat at a seafood restaurant.	fish
name something you might eat at a seafood restaurant.	crab
name something that a child would touch but an adult would not.	bugs
name something that a child would touch but an adult would not.	dirt
name something that a child would touch but an adult would not.	worms
name something that a child would touch but an adult would not.	poop
name something that a child would touch but an adult would not.	hot stove
name something that a child would touch but an adult would not.	boogers
name something that some women's lives seem to revolve around.	kids
name something that some women's lives seem to revolve around.	spouse
name something that some women's lives seem to revolve around.	shopping
name something that some women's lives seem to revolve around.	money
name something that some women's lives seem to revolve around.	job
name something that some women's lives seem to revolve around.	clothes
name something that grows very fast.	weeds
name something that grows very fast.	hair
name something that grows very fast.	grass
name something that grows very fast.	children
name something that grows very fast.	trees
name something that grows very fast.	vines
name a worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old.	money
name a worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old.	health
name a worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old.	children
name a worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old.	relationships
name a worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old.	job security
name a worry you have now that you didn't when you were 10 years old.	getting old
name something capable of destroying a city.	bomb
name something capable of destroying a city.	hurricane
name something capable of destroying a city.	tsunami
name something capable of destroying a city.	earthquake
name something capable of destroying a city.	fire
name something capable of destroying a city.	godzilla
name something that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad.	love/affection
name something that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad.	attention/time
name something that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad.	money
name something that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad.	discipline
name something that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad.	food/snacks
name something that kids get more of from their mom than they get from their dad.	toys
name an article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on.	jacket
name an article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on.	footwear
name an article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on.	hat
name an article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on.	scarf/tie
name an article of clothing that you don't need a dressing room to try on.	belt
name something neighbors might have a dispute about.	loud noise
name something neighbors might have a dispute about.	property line
name something neighbors might have a dispute about.	dogs
name something neighbors might have a dispute about.	trees
name something neighbors might have a dispute about.	kids
name a u.s. tourist attraction everyone wants to visit.	statue of liberty
name a u.s. tourist attraction everyone wants to visit.	disney
name a u.s. tourist attraction everyone wants to visit.	grand canyon
name a u.s. tourist attraction everyone wants to visit.	white house
name a u.s. tourist attraction everyone wants to visit.	yellowstone
name the most boring way to spend your summer.	stay at home
name the most boring way to spend your summer.	working
name the most boring way to spend your summer.	summer school
name the most boring way to spend your summer.	reading
name the most boring way to spend your summer.	sleeping
name the most boring way to spend your summer.	watching tv
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	wags tail
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	jumps on you
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	licks you
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	jump up and down
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	bites you playfully
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	runs towards you
name a way you know your dog is happy to see you.	sniffs your butt
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	clothes
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	cash
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	appliances
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	bills
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	nothing
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	vacuum cleaner
name something you wouldn't like to receive as a birthday gift.	books
name something a little kid might try to flush down the toilet.	toys
name something a little kid might try to flush down the toilet.	fish
name something a little kid might try to flush down the toilet.	pets
name something a little kid might try to flush down the toilet.	food
name something a little kid might try to flush down the toilet.	jewelry
name something a little kid might try to flush down the toilet.	paper
name something that pours out thick.	syrup
name something that pours out thick.	ketchup
name something that pours out thick.	honey
name something that pours out thick.	molasses
name something that pours out thick.	cement
name something that pours out thick.	gravy
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed.	use bathroom
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed.	watch tv
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed.	brush teeth
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed.	eat
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed.	pray
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed.	reading
name soemthing that goes up and down.	elevator
name soemthing that goes up and down.	seesaw
name soemthing that goes up and down.	yoyo
name soemthing that goes up and down.	thermometer
name soemthing that goes up and down.	ball
name soemthing that goes up and down.	airplane
name something the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime.	hover car
name something the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime.	robot maid
name something the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime.	dog that speaks
name something the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime.	space mansion
name something the jetsons had that you'd love to have in your lifetime.	jetpacks
name a field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes.	oil
name a field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes.	stock market
name a field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes.	entertainment
name a field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes.	real estate
name a field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes.	computer
name a field in which many of america's richest people have made their fortunes.	medical field
name something drivers do when they get lost.	get directions
name something drivers do when they get lost.	keep driving
name something drivers do when they get lost.	stop at gas station
name something drivers do when they get lost.	get mad
name something drivers do when they get lost.	look at map
name an occupation that uses a drill.	builder
name an occupation that uses a drill.	carpenter
name an occupation that uses a drill.	electrician
name an occupation that uses a drill.	dentist
name an occupation that uses a drill.	plumber
name a common complaint people have about their boss.	demanding
name a common complaint people have about their boss.	mean
name a common complaint people have about their boss.	cheap
name a common complaint people have about their boss.	discriminates
name a common complaint people have about their boss.	unsympathetic
name something you've been bitten by.	mosquito
name something you've been bitten by.	dog
name something you've been bitten by.	spider
name something you've been bitten by.	bee
name something you've been bitten by.	snake
name something people do not want to drink on a hot day.	coffee
name something people do not want to drink on a hot day.	hot cocoa
name something people do not want to drink on a hot day.	tea
name something people do not want to drink on a hot day.	milk
name a business that looks forward to valentine's day.	send us your answers!
name a business that looks forward to valentine's day.	florists
name a business that looks forward to valentine's day.	restaurants
name something that parents won't let their kids skip.	school/homework
name something that parents won't let their kids skip.	meals
name something that parents won't let their kids skip.	religious service
name something parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older.	sex
name something parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older.	drugs
name something parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older.	dating
name something parents avoid talking to their kids about until they are older.	bills
name something people lose as they get older.	hair
name something people lose as they get older.	memory
name something people lose as they get older.	eyesight
name something people lose as they get older.	teeth
name something people lose as they get older.	hearing
name something people lose as they get older.	stamina
name something you might use to tell the time.	watch
name something you might use to tell the time.	clock
name something you might use to tell the time.	cell phone
name something you might use to tell the time.	sundial
name something parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve.	go out
name something parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve.	drive car
name something parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve.	watch tv
name something parents might forbid their teenagers to do until their grades improve.	play sports
name something that gets plugged up.	sink
name something that gets plugged up.	television
name something that gets plugged up.	toilet
name something that gets plugged up.	nose
name something that gets plugged up.	ears
name something that gets plugged up.	computer
name a reason why someone might leave a house through a window.	fire
name a reason why someone might leave a house through a window.	burglar
name a reason why someone might leave a house through a window.	sneak out/elope
name a reason why someone might leave a house through a window.	lost the key
name a reason why someone might leave a house through a window.	being chased
name a reason why someone might leave a house through a window.	broken door
name a reason you might have to get your picture taken.	driver's license
name a reason you might have to get your picture taken.	passport
name a reason you might have to get your picture taken.	wedding
name a reason you might have to get your picture taken.	family event
name a reason you might have to get your picture taken.	graduation
name the first sign that you're getting a cold.	sneezing
name the first sign that you're getting a cold.	sore throat
name the first sign that you're getting a cold.	coughing
name the first sign that you're getting a cold.	body
name a famous street in new york city.	fifth ave.
name a famous street in new york city.	broadway
name a famous street in new york city.	wall street
name a famous street in new york city.	42nd street
name a famous street in new york city.	park ave.
name a place you go where you must show your id.	bar
name a place you go where you must show your id.	airport
name a place you go where you must show your id.	bank
name a place you go where you must show your id.	liquor store
name a place you go where you must show your id.	military base
name a place you go where you must show your id.	court
name the age when men start losing their hair.	40
name the age when men start losing their hair.	35
name the age when men start losing their hair.	30
name the age when men start losing their hair.	25
name the age when men start losing their hair.	45
name the age when men start losing their hair.	50
name the age when men start losing their hair.	28
name something you might do that would require you to undress.	shower/bathe
name something you might do that would require you to undress.	doctor's exam
name something you might do that would require you to undress.	make love
name something you might do that would require you to undress.	try on clothes
name something you think there's just too much of on tv.	violence
name something you think there's just too much of on tv.	sex/nudity
name something you think there's just too much of on tv.	reality shows
name something you think there's just too much of on tv.	commercials
name something you think there's just too much of on tv.	sitcoms
name something you think there's just too much of on tv.	sports
name something you hate to have to do.	clean
name something you hate to have to do.	laundry
name something you hate to have to do.	work
name something you hate to have to do.	dishes
name something kids play in the street during summer.	baseball
name something kids play in the street during summer.	kick ball
name something kids play in the street during summer.	basketball
name something kids play in the street during summer.	hopscotch
name something kids play in the street during summer.	tag
name something kids play in the street during summer.	football
name something people like to keep filled up.	gas tank
name something people like to keep filled up.	bank account
name something people like to keep filled up.	water bottle
name something people like to keep filled up.	fridge
name something people like to keep filled up.	coffee cup
name a character from the star trek universe.	spock
name a character from the star trek universe.	captain kirk
name a character from the star trek universe.	data
name a character from the star trek universe.	worf
name something you vote for.	the president
name something you vote for.	congress person
name something you vote for.	american idol
name something you vote for.	all-star team
name something that can ruin dinner.	burnt food
name something that can ruin dinner.	phone call
name something that can ruin dinner.	fight
name something that can ruin dinner.	snacking before
name something that can ruin dinner.	hair in food
name something that can ruin dinner.	guest is late
name something slobs use as a napkin.	shirtsleeve/tail
name something slobs use as a napkin.	shirt sleeve
name something slobs use as a napkin.	hand
name something slobs use as a napkin.	tablecloth
name something slobs use as a napkin.	bib
name someone you would hate calling you during a date.	an ex
name someone you would hate calling you during a date.	parents
name someone you would hate calling you during a date.	children
name someone you would hate calling you during a date.	partner
name someone you would hate calling you during a date.	work
name someone you would hate calling you during a date.	babysitter
name something you see in almost every hamster's cage.	wheel
name something you see in almost every hamster's cage.	hamster
name something you see in almost every hamster's cage.	food
name something you see in almost every hamster's cage.	water bottle
name a profession that pays too much.	pro athlete
name a profession that pays too much.	lawyer
name a profession that pays too much.	doctor
name a profession that pays too much.	politician
name a profession that pays too much.	actor
name a profession that pays too much.	ceo
name an ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch.	keys
name an ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch.	mace
name an ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch.	pen
name an ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch.	pocket knife
name an ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch.	fingernail file
name an ordinary item people carry that they can use for self-defense in a pinch.	purse
name one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people.	construct. worker
name one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people.	police
name one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people.	american indian
name one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people.	cowboy
name one of the occupations represented in the disco group the village people.	military man
name a situation where you show your driver's license.	stopped by police
name a situation where you show your driver's license.	writing checks
name a situation where you show your driver's license.	get into a bar
name a situation where you show your driver's license.	get in accident
name something specific you might find in the fridge.	milk
name something specific you might find in the fridge.	butter
name something specific you might find in the fridge.	eggs
name something specific you might find in the fridge.	soda
name something specific you might find in the fridge.	ketchup
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	july
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	december
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	june
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	august
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	november
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	may
name the busiest month of the year for a hotel.	january
name something that might be spikey.	cactus
name something that might be spikey.	hedgehog
name something that might be spikey.	porcupine
name something that might be spikey.	hairstyle
name something that might be spikey.	high heels
name something you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway.	id
name something you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway.	pictures
name something you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway.	buttocks
name something you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway.	books
name something you shouldn't photocopy, but do anyway.	money
name something that can cause a lot of damage to a home.	fire
name something that can cause a lot of damage to a home.	water/flood
name something that can cause a lot of damage to a home.	tornado
name something that can cause a lot of damage to a home.	hurricane
name something that can cause a lot of damage to a home.	bugs
name something that can cause a lot of damage to a home.	children
name something you see on day-time tv.	news
name something you see on day-time tv.	oprah winfrey
name something you see on day-time tv.	ellen degeneres
name something you see on day-time tv.	soap operas
name something you see on day-time tv.	talk shows
name something you see on day-time tv.	steve harvey
name something you should always take if it's offered.	money
name something you should always take if it's offered.	advice
name something you should always take if it's offered.	food
name something you should always take if it's offered.	hand
name something you should always take if it's offered.	vacation
name something you should always take if it's offered.	compliment
name a game that is played at a family reunion.	volleyball
name a game that is played at a family reunion.	charades
name a game that is played at a family reunion.	horseshoes
name a game that is played at a family reunion.	baseball
name a game that is played at a family reunion.	cards
name a game that is played at a family reunion.	football
name a city that has a large saint patrick's day parade.	new york city
name a city that has a large saint patrick's day parade.	boston
name a city that has a large saint patrick's day parade.	chicago
name a city that has a large saint patrick's day parade.	dublin
name something that might give you road rage.	being cut off
name something that might give you road rage.	slow driving
name something that might give you road rage.	traffic
name something that might give you road rage.	other drivers
name an activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents.	toy shopping
name an activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents.	cook/bake
name an activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents.	zoo
name an activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents.	board games
name an activity kids usually do with their grandparents rather than parents.	fishing
name a slimy animal.	snake
name a slimy animal.	eel
name a slimy animal.	snail
name a slimy animal.	slug
name a slimy animal.	frog
name a slimy animal.	worm
name a slimy animal.	fish
name something people from texas brag about.	how big it is
name something people from texas brag about.	good food/bbq.
name something people from texas brag about.	oil
name something people from texas brag about.	president bush
name something people from texas brag about.	money
name something people from texas brag about.	dallas cowboys
name a manufacturer of men's cologne.	ralph lauren
name a manufacturer of men's cologne.	calvin klein
name a manufacturer of men's cologne.	old spice
name a manufacturer of men's cologne.	stetson
name a manufacturer of men's cologne.	tommy hilfiger
name a manufacturer of men's cologne.	brut
name a place where kids have a hard time sitting still.	place of worship
name a place where kids have a hard time sitting still.	school
name a place where kids have a hard time sitting still.	movie theater
name a place where kids have a hard time sitting still.	car
name a place where kids have a hard time sitting still.	restaurant
name a place where kids have a hard time sitting still.	waiting room
name a reason why a college student might miss a morning class.	no alarm
name a reason why a college student might miss a morning class.	up all night
name a reason why a college student might miss a morning class.	hangover
name a reason why a college student might miss a morning class.	snow storms
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	make love
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	brush teeth
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	say prayers
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	bathe/shower
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	eat snack/drink
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	watch tv/movie
name something you're never too tired to do before going to bed at night.	read a book
name an announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make.	having a baby
name an announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make.	getting married
name an announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make.	got a job
name an announcement that parents can't wait to hear their grown children make.	moving out
name a disney movie that always makes you cry.	bambi
name a disney movie that always makes you cry.	lion king
name a disney movie that always makes you cry.	beauty and the beast
name a disney movie that always makes you cry.	cinderella
name a disney movie that always makes you cry.	old yeller
name a disney movie that always makes you cry.	snow white
name something a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack.	water
name something a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack.	clothes/boots
name something a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack.	compass
name something a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack.	rope
name something a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack.	matches
name something a hiker hates to discover that he forgot to pack in his backpack.	flashlight
name something dogs do to get acquainted that you'd never see people do.	sniffing
name something dogs do to get acquainted that you'd never see people do.	lick each other
name something dogs do to get acquainted that you'd never see people do.	snake tail
name a city in north america you would hate to drive in.	new york city
name a city in north america you would hate to drive in.	los angeles
name a city in north america you would hate to drive in.	boston
name a city in north america you would hate to drive in.	chicago
name a city in north america you would hate to drive in.	seattle
name something you wear out completely before you replace it.	shoes
name something you wear out completely before you replace it.	car
name something you wear out completely before you replace it.	socks
name something you wear out completely before you replace it.	underwear
name something you wear out completely before you replace it.	toothbrush
name something you wear out completely before you replace it.	tires
name an occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited.	wedding day
name an occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited.	first date
name an occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited.	pregnant
name an occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited.	proposal
name an occasion when a women might be especially nervous and excited.	job interview
name something america is known for.	guns
name something america is known for.	fast food restaurants
name something america is known for.	freedom
name something america is known for.	apple pie
name the person you feel most guilty lying to.	parent
name the person you feel most guilty lying to.	significant other
name the person you feel most guilty lying to.	children
name the person you feel most guilty lying to.	myself
name the person you feel most guilty lying to.	dentist
name the person you feel most guilty lying to.	best friend
name something you use your index finger for.	to point
name something you use your index finger for.	dial phone
name something you use your index finger for.	flip pages/read
name something you use your index finger for.	to type
name something you use your index finger for.	hold pencil
name something you use your index finger for.	click mouse
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	wedding
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	birthday
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	giving birth
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	vacation
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	anniversary
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	sporting event
name a happy event that can also be stressful.	christmas
name something most homes have multiples of.	bedrooms
name something most homes have multiples of.	closets
name something most homes have multiples of.	television
name something most homes have multiples of.	bathroom
name something most homes have multiples of.	windows
name an occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly.	waiter
name an occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly.	bartender
name an occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly.	dancer
name an occupation in which you'd get lousy tips if you weren't friendly.	cab driver
name something women do a lot of when they're pregnant.	eat/crave food
name something women do a lot of when they're pregnant.	complain/cry
name something women do a lot of when they're pregnant.	sleep
name something women do a lot of when they're pregnant.	go to bathroom
name an image that might accompany an article about teachers.	apple
name an image that might accompany an article about teachers.	books
name an image that might accompany an article about teachers.	blackboard/chalk
name an image that might accompany an article about teachers.	classroom/desks
name an image that might accompany an article about teachers.	map/globe
name something people do in their cars if they think no one is watching.	pick nose
name something people do in their cars if they think no one is watching.	make love
name something people do in their cars if they think no one is watching.	sing
name something people do in their cars if they think no one is watching.	kiss
name something you might see at a playground.	swing set
name something you might see at a playground.	slide
name something you might see at a playground.	children
name something you might see at a playground.	monkey bars
name something you might see at a playground.	merry go round
name something you might see at a playground.	sandbox
name a brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored.	sprite
name a brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored.	7-up
name a brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored.	squirt
name a brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored.	slice
name a brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored.	mountain dew
name a brand of soft drink that is lemon-lime flavored.	fresca
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	ghost
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	witch
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	clown
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	mummy
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	vampire
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	cat
name a kids halloween costume that you can make at the very last minute.	pumpkin
name something a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day.	clothes/shoes
name something a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day.	husband/partner
name something a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day.	car
name something a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day.	jewelry
name something a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day.	kids
name something a woman might consider trading with her best friend for one day.	secrets
name an occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers.	bartender
name an occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers.	hairdresser
name an occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers.	sales
name an occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers.	teacher
name an occupation in which you might have to act as a part-time shrink to your customers.	customer service
name a kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on.	restaurant
name a kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on.	doctor
name a kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on.	store
name a kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on.	bank
name a kind of place where you often have to wait to be waited on.	dmv
name something you would not want to be caught doing by someone you just started dating.	cheating
name something you would not want to be caught doing by someone you just started dating.	nose picking
name something you would not want to be caught doing by someone you just started dating.	farting
name something you would not want to be caught doing by someone you just started dating.	using the bathroom
name something you would not want to be caught doing by someone you just started dating.	lying
name something people consider snack food.	chips
name something people consider snack food.	peanuts
name something people consider snack food.	popcorn
name something people consider snack food.	pretzels
name something people consider snack food.	fruit
name something people consider snack food.	cookies
name something people consider snack food.	crackers
name a good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband.	bar
name a good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband.	office
name a good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband.	hospital
name a good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband.	restaurant
name a good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband.	gym
name a good place for a woman to work if her main goal is to snag a husband.	grocery store
name something you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green.	green beans
name something you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green.	salad
name something you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green.	peas
name something you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green.	lima beans
name something you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green.	broccoli
name something you might see on your thanksgiving table that is green.	spinach
name something a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding.	needle
name something a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding.	catheter
name something a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding.	bedpan
name something a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding.	blood
name something a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding.	enema
name something a hospital patient doesn't like seeing a nurse holding.	results
name someone who might carry a torch	statue of liberty
name someone who might carry a torch	olympic runner
name something dogs hate having done to them.	bathed
name something dogs hate having done to them.	hair trimmed
name something dogs hate having done to them.	nails clipped
name something dogs hate having done to them.	brushed
name something dogs hate having done to them.	shots
name something people get a newborn for the holidays.	clothes
name something people get a newborn for the holidays.	teddy bear
name something people get a newborn for the holidays.	blanket
name something kids make for their parents in nursery school.	handprint
name something kids make for their parents in nursery school.	card
name something kids make for their parents in nursery school.	finger painting
name something kids make for their parents in nursery school.	macaroni picture
name something kids make for their parents in nursery school.	drawing
name something kids make for their parents in nursery school.	flower
name something very important to bring on a long hike	water
name something very important to bring on a long hike	hiking boots
name something specific on a car that can be adjusted:	mirror
name something specific on a car that can be adjusted:	seat
name something specific on a car that can be adjusted:	brakes
name something specific on a car that can be adjusted:	steering wheel
name something specific on a car that can be adjusted:	seat belt
name something specific on a car that can be adjusted:	radio
name a country that has a massive population.	china
name a country that has a massive population.	india
name a country that has a massive population.	japan
name a country that has a massive population.	brazil
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	not leave a tip
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	not leaving a tip
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	too demanding
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	they yell at them
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	ignoring her
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	use bad language
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	snap fingers
name one way customers are rude to a waitress.	complaining
name something you lose while doing laundry.	socks
name something you lose while doing laundry.	money
name something you lose while doing laundry.	jewelry
name something you lose while doing laundry.	underwear
name something you can rent.	vehicle
name something you can rent.	jalopy
name something you can rent.	car
name something you can rent.	truck
name something you can rent.	van
name something you can rent.	automobile
name something you can rent.	cinema
name something you can rent.	movies
name something you can rent.	films
name something you can rent.	manor
name something you can rent.	house
name something you can rent.	plantation
name something you can rent.	estate
name something you can rent.	dwelling
name something you can rent.	real estate
name something you can rent.	condo
name something you can rent.	bungalow
name something you can rent.	mansion
name something you can rent.	sofa
name something you can rent.	table
name something you can rent.	chair
name something you can rent.	furniture
name something you can rent.	bed
name something you can rent.	desk
name something you can rent.	couch
name something you can rent.	bookshelf
name something you can rent.	tenement
name something you can rent.	loft
name something you can rent.	flat
name something you can rent.	apartment
name something that makes a person's nose run.	cold/flu
name something that makes a person's nose run.	spicy food
name something that makes a person's nose run.	allergies
name something that makes a person's nose run.	cold weather
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	ball
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	sphere
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	soccer
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	softball
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	dodgeball
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	orb
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	football
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	hardball
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	kickball
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	video games
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	ride bike
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	cycle
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	bmx
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	bike
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	dreidel
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	spinning top
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	top
name a toy that both boys and girls enjoy playing with.	lego
name something specific that you were late for because you overslept.	job
name something specific that you were late for because you overslept.	doctor
name something specific that you were late for because you overslept.	party
name something specific that you were late for because you overslept.	church
name something specific that you were late for because you overslept.	school
name something specific that you were late for because you overslept.	bus
name something that might make your voice sound different from the way it usually does.	helium
name something that might make your voice sound different from the way it usually does.	cold
name something men say they hate to give when they get married.	freedom
name something men say they hate to give when they get married.	partying
name something men say they hate to give when they get married.	friends
name something men say they hate to give when they get married.	other women
name something men say they hate to give when they get married.	money
name an activity people wear gloves for.	medical procedure
name an activity people wear gloves for.	baseball
name an activity people wear gloves for.	gardening
name an activity people wear gloves for.	boxing
name an activity people wear gloves for.	golfing
name an activity people wear gloves for.	skiing
name an activity people wear gloves for.	housework
name a place you would hate to get a phone call.	church
name a place you would hate to get a phone call.	bathroom
name a place you would hate to get a phone call.	at work
name a place you would hate to get a phone call.	movie theater
name a place you would hate to get a phone call.	doctors office
name a food you never see in a vending machine.	steak
name a food you never see in a vending machine.	pizza
name a food you never see in a vending machine.	fruit
name a food you never see in a vending machine.	vegetables
name a food you never see in a vending machine.	salad
name a food you never see in a vending machine.	pasta
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	listen to music
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	watch tv
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	sweat
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	read
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	sing
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	daydream
name something people do while they're jogging on a treadmill.	pant
name a food women crave when they're pregnant.	pickles
name a food women crave when they're pregnant.	ice cream
name a food women crave when they're pregnant.	chocolate
name a food women crave when they're pregnant.	peanut butter
name a food women crave when they're pregnant.	watermelon
name a food women crave when they're pregnant.	pumpkin pie
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	woody allen
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	elton john
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	drew carey
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	jack nicholson
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	stevie wonder
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	dean martin
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	peewee herman
name a celebrity famous for wearing glasses.	stephen hawking
name something that might give you cold feet.	getting married
name something that might give you cold feet.	snow
name something that might give you cold feet.	cold floor
name something that might give you cold feet.	public speaking
name something that might give you cold feet.	ice
name something that might give you cold feet.	bare foot
name a job that a man brags his girlfriend has.	model
name a job that a man brags his girlfriend has.	doctor
name a job that a man brags his girlfriend has.	stripper
name a job that a man brags his girlfriend has.	lawyer
name a job that a man brags his girlfriend has.	professor/teacher
name a job that a man brags his girlfriend has.	ceo/executive
name a food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting.	hotdog
name a food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting.	hamburgers
name a food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting.	chicken wings
name a food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting.	donuts
name a food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting.	tacos
name a food that a really big guy could eat ten of in one sitting.	pizza slices
name something people kick.	balls
name something people kick.	tires
name something people kick.	dogs
name something people kick.	the can
name something people kick.	the bucket
name something a bank robber would hate to be without.	guns
name something a bank robber would hate to be without.	mask
name an event in the summer olympics.	track and field
name an event in the summer olympics.	swimming
name an event in the summer olympics.	gymnastics
name an event in the summer olympics.	basketball
name an event in the summer olympics.	diving
name something that people frequently trip over.	work
name something that people frequently trip over.	jail
name something that people frequently trip over.	hospital
name something that people frequently trip over.	home
name something that people frequently trip over.	church
name a vehicle people can stand up in.	bus
name a vehicle people can stand up in.	van
name a vehicle people can stand up in.	truck
name a vehicle people can stand up in.	jeep
name a vehicle people can stand up in.	train
name a vehicle people can stand up in.	limousine
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	police officer
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	firefighter
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	secret service
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	stuntman
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	detective
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	magicians
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	racing
name a job that requires you to risk your life.	wrestling
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	soft-boiled eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	scrambled eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	rotten eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	poached eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	fried eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	hard-boil eggs
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	baked goods
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	danishes
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	pastries
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	strudels
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	tarts
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	lime
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	mango
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	melon
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	orange
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	peach
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	plum
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	strawberry
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	raspberry
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	grape
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	lemon
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	apple
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	banana
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	berry
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	blackberry
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	blueberry
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	cherry
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	fruit
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	taters
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	spuds
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	potatoes
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	baked potato
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	french fries
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	cooked ham
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	cured ham
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	ham
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	caesar salad
name something restaurants serve at a sunday brunch.	salads
name something a lifeguard can do that someone with an office job can't.	swim
name something a lifeguard can do that someone with an office job can't.	tan
name something a lifeguard can do that someone with an office job can't.	wear a swimsuit
name something a lifeguard can do that someone with an office job can't.	save a life
name something a lifeguard can do that someone with an office job can't.	cpr
name a way people try to make themselves look younger.	plastic surgery
name a way people try to make themselves look younger.	makeup
name a way people try to make themselves look younger.	buy a car
name a way people try to make themselves look younger.	dye hair
name a place a student might go on a field trip.	museum
name a place a student might go on a field trip.	zoo
name a place a student might go on a field trip.	white house
name a place a student might go on a field trip.	state capitol
name a place a student might go on a field trip.	theater
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	the dark
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	snakes
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	lightning
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	spiders
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	heights
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	big dogs
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	death
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	bats
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	fire
name something you're afraid of that you were afraid of as a kid:	horses
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	boss
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	rich person
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	teacher
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	celebrity
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	mother
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	cop
name a kind of person who gets a lot of "buttering-up" from others.	politician
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	sheep
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	donkeys
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	snakes
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	camels
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	lions
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	doves
name an animal that is mentioned in the bible.	goats
name something you'd hate to see your dentist holding.	drill
name something you'd hate to see your dentist holding.	needle
name something you'd hate to see your dentist holding.	pliers
name something you'd hate to see your dentist holding.	my teeth
name something you'd hate to see your dentist holding.	bill
name something you'd hate to see your dentist holding.	gums
name something a small town has less of than a big city.	crime
name something a small town has less of than a big city.	traffic
name something a small town has less of than a big city.	people
name something a small town has less of than a big city.	stores
name something a small town has less of than a big city.	restaurants
name something a small town has less of than a big city.	entertainment
name something kids would demand instead of paychecks if an office hired them.	candy
name something kids would demand instead of paychecks if an office hired them.	toys
name something kids would demand instead of paychecks if an office hired them.	video games
name something that squirts when you least expect it.	lemon/fruit
name something that squirts when you least expect it.	water hose
name something that squirts when you least expect it.	baby
name something that squirts when you least expect it.	water gun
name something that squirts when you least expect it.	shower
name something you never want to get pierced.	breasts
name something you never want to get pierced.	tongue
name something you never want to get pierced.	your private bits
name something you never want to get pierced.	nose
name something you never want to get pierced.	eyes
name something you never want to get pierced.	lips
name something a policeman might get out of his squad car to do.	write a ticket
name something a policeman might get out of his squad car to do.	make an arrest
name something a policeman might get out of his squad car to do.	use gun
name something a policeman might get out of his squad car to do.	get donuts
name something a policeman might get out of his squad car to do.	check driv. lic.
name something you can't do when it is cold out.	swimming
name something you can't do when it is cold out.	sun tan
name something you can't do when it is cold out.	wear shorts
name something you can't do when it is cold out.	gardening
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	algebra
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	history
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	geometry
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	art
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	french
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	latin
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	spanish
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	biology
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	calculus
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	geography
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	chemistry
name a subject you took in school and never used again:	phys ed
name a place you might see a skeleton.	closet
name a place you might see a skeleton.	haunted house
name a place you might see a skeleton.	science lab
name a place you might see a skeleton.	museum
name a place you might see a skeleton.	hospital
name a place you might see a skeleton.	cemetery
name a decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves.	bed time
name a decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves.	clothes
name a decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves.	food
name a decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves.	date
name a decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves.	curfew
name a decision that children think they should be able to make for themselves.	friends
name something a church might be filled with.	people
name something a church might be filled with.	pews
name something a church might be filled with.	candles
name something a church might be filled with.	bibles
name something a church might be filled with.	god
name something a church might be filled with.	love
name something people do on cruises.	eat/drink
name something people do on cruises.	relax/lounge
name something people do on cruises.	dance
name something people do on cruises.	swim/snorkel
name something people do on cruises.	shuffleb'rd/games
name something people do on cruises.	gamble
name something that is harder to do if you have braces.	eat/chew
name something that is harder to do if you have braces.	chew
name something that is harder to do if you have braces.	brush teeth
name something that is harder to do if you have braces.	talk
name one of the super villains from a superhero movie.	the joker
name one of the super villains from a superhero movie.	venom
name one of the super villains from a superhero movie.	lex luthor
name one of the super villains from a superhero movie.	the green goblin
name one of the super villains from a superhero movie.	catwoman
name one of the super villains from a superhero movie.	the penguin
name something you'd expect to see inside a police car.	two way radio
name something you'd expect to see inside a police car.	police officer
name something you'd expect to see inside a police car.	gun
name something you'd expect to see inside a police car.	handcuffs
name something you'd expect to see inside a police car.	computer screen
name something you'd expect to see inside a police car.	criminal
name a celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial.	joan rivers
name a celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial.	michael jackson
name a celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial.	pam anderson
name a celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial.	cher
name a celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial.	elizabeth taylor
name a celebrity who probably has their plastic surgeon on speed dial.	ashlee simpson
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	wallet
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	pockets
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	clothes
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	bank account
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	health
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	mobile phone
name something of their husband's that wives check regularly.	credit card bill
name something that is hard to break.	cement
name something that is hard to break.	bad habits
name something that is hard to break.	metal
name something that is hard to break.	diamond
name an olympic sport that is played in a pool.	water polo
name an olympic sport that is played in a pool.	swimming
name an olympic sport that is played in a pool.	diving
name an olympic sport that is played in a pool.	synchronized swimming
name something that shakes.	jello
name something that shakes.	person/dancer
name something that shakes.	earth/earthquake
name something that shakes.	baby's rattle
name something that shakes.	leaves/tree
name something that shakes.	dog
name something that shakes.	old car
name a superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with.	superman
name a superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with.	the incredible hulk
name a superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with.	batman
name a superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with.	spiderman
name a superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with.	wolverine
name a superhero you wouldn't want to pick a fight with.	wonder woman
name something repairmen ruin as often as they fix it.	toilet/plumbing
name something repairmen ruin as often as they fix it.	car
name something repairmen ruin as often as they fix it.	television
name something repairmen ruin as often as they fix it.	washing machine
name something repairmen ruin as often as they fix it.	roof
name something you teach children to be careful with.	scissors
name something you teach children to be careful with.	knives
name something you teach children to be careful with.	fire
name something you teach children to be careful with.	crossing the street
name something you teach children to be careful with.	glass
name something you teach children to be careful with.	money
name something you teach children to be careful with.	pets
name an occasion for which people might include cash in a card.	birthday
name an occasion for which people might include cash in a card.	wedding
name an occasion for which people might include cash in a card.	graduation
name an occasion for which people might include cash in a card.	christmas
name someone you talk over your sex life with.	friend
name someone you talk over your sex life with.	lover
name someone you talk over your sex life with.	sibling
name someone you talk over your sex life with.	doctor
name a way you'd know a dog is mad at you.	growl
name a way you'd know a dog is mad at you.	barking
name a way you'd know a dog is mad at you.	bites you
name a way you'd know a dog is mad at you.	shows teeth
name a way you'd know a dog is mad at you.	snarling
name something a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee.	type
name something a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee.	talk
name something a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee.	go potty
name something a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee.	file
name something a secretary could do faster after three cups of coffee.	dictation
name something a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it.	wrappers
name something a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it.	clothes
name something a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it.	towels
name something a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it.	food
name something a slob throws on the floor when he's done with it.	bottles
name a kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality.	ham
name a kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality.	turkey
name a kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality.	bologna
name a kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality.	salami
name a kind of lunchmeat that matches your mate's personality.	chicken
name something women try to cover up.	blemish
name something women try to cover up.	wrinkles
name something women try to cover up.	weight
name something women try to cover up.	face
name something women try to cover up.	bottom
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	bolts in neck
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	flat head
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	tall
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	scars
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	green skin
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	large forehead
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	big hands
name a physical characteristic of the frankenstein monster:	big feet
name something that you might take from a restaurant.	silverware
name something that you might take from a restaurant.	leftovers
name something that you might take from a restaurant.	salt/peppershaker
name something that you might take from a restaurant.	glass/cup
name something that you might take from a restaurant.	napkin
name something that you might take from a restaurant.	sweetener/sugar
name something that comes with your clothes when you pick them up from the dry cleaners.	hangers
name something that comes with your clothes when you pick them up from the dry cleaners.	plastic bag
name something you might "catch up on".	reading
name something you might "catch up on".	sleep
name something you might "catch up on".	bills
name something you might "catch up on".	soap operas
name something you might "catch up on".	work
name something people think brings bad luck.	black cat
name something people think brings bad luck.	under ladder
name something people think brings bad luck.	break mirror
name something people think brings bad luck.	open umbrella
name something you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night.	air condition/fan
name something you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night.	take shower/bath
name something you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night.	cold drink
name something you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night.	listen to music
name something you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night.	open window
name something you do to help fall asleep on a hot summer night.	watch television
name a singer who is known by their first name.	madonna
name a singer who is known by their first name.	cher
name a singer who is known by their first name.	shakira
name a singer who is known by their first name.	beyonce
name a singer who is known by their first name.	prince
name a bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive.	she smokes
name a bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive.	bites her nails
name a bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive.	attitude/grouchy
name a bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive.	picks her nose
name a bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive.	she chews gum
name a bad habit that can make a pretty girl look unattractive.	too much makeup
name a liquid people add to their car.	oil
name a liquid people add to their car.	gasoline
name a liquid people add to their car.	anti freeze
name a liquid people add to their car.	anti-freeze
name a liquid people add to their car.	brake fluid
name something that takes you across a river.	boat
name something that takes you across a river.	canoe
name something that takes you across a river.	bridge
name something that takes you across a river.	raft
name something that takes you across a river.	ferry
name a way you might find out the news.	television
name a way you might find out the news.	internet
name a way you might find out the news.	newspaper
name a way you might find out the news.	phone call
name a way you might find out the news.	radio
name a number you might lie to your date about.	age
name a number you might lie to your date about.	phone number
name a number you might lie to your date about.	past relationships
name a number you might lie to your date about.	weight
name a white animal.	polar bear
name a white animal.	rabbit
name a white animal.	cat
name a white animal.	horse
name a white animal.	seal
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	people
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	national geographic
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	life
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	playboy
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	vogue
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	us weekly
name a magazine that has a lot of photographs.	cosmopolitan
name something that some people seem to need more of than other people.	money
name something that some people seem to need more of than other people.	love/attention
name something that some people seem to need more of than other people.	sleep
name something that some people seem to need more of than other people.	friends
name something that some people seem to need more of than other people.	candy/food
name a popular type of bread.	sliced
name a popular type of bread.	garlic
name a popular type of bread.	flatbread
name a popular type of bread.	naan
name a popular type of bread.	cibatta
name something a young child takes with him when he runs away from home.	teddy bears
name something a young child takes with him when he runs away from home.	clothes
name something a young child takes with him when he runs away from home.	food
name something a young child takes with him when he runs away from home.	blanket
name something a young child takes with him when he runs away from home.	backpack
name a reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old.	facial hair
name a reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old.	he's big
name a reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old.	can hit
name a reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old.	deep voice
name a reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old.	looks older
name a reason you might suspect a little leaguer is more than 12 years old.	drives to game
name someone famous with the last name "moore."	demi moore
name someone famous with the last name "moore."	mary tyler moore
name someone famous with the last name "moore."	michael moore
name someone famous with the last name "moore."	roger moore
name something people always claim theirs is better.	cooking/recipe
name something people always claim theirs is better.	their car
name something people always claim theirs is better.	spouse/family
name something people always claim theirs is better.	body/self
name something people always claim theirs is better.	clothes/shoes
name something people always claim theirs is better.	their house
name a place where you press buttons.	elevator
name a place where you press buttons.	work
name a place where you press buttons.	atm
name a place where you press buttons.	arcade
name a place where you press buttons.	casinos
name something a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep.	coffee
name something a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep.	eat
name something a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep.	exercise
name something a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep.	horror movie
name something a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep.	argument
name something a person might do before going to bed that would make it hard for them to get right to sleep.	shower
name someone famous for wearing a moustache.	groucho marx
name someone famous for wearing a moustache.	burt reynolds
name someone famous for wearing a moustache.	tom selleck
name someone famous for wearing a moustache.	adolf hitler
name someone famous for wearing a moustache.	charlie chaplin
name someone famous for wearing a moustache.	clark gable
name something people keep by their toilets.	toilet paper
name something people keep by their toilets.	reading materials
name something people keep by their toilets.	plunger
name something people keep by their toilets.	toilet brush
name something people keep by their toilets.	trash cans
name something people jump.	rope
name something people jump.	"the broom"
name something people jump.	puddle/hole
name something people jump.	fence/gate
name something people jump.	in line
name something people jump.	hurdles
name something people jump.	bail
name a country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces.	england
name a country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces.	india
name a country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces.	france
name a country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces.	egypt
name a country you could travel to if you wanted to see palaces.	italy
name a us city with more young people than old.	new york city
name a us city with more young people than old.	los angeles
name a us city with more young people than old.	miami
name a us city with more young people than old.	las vegas
name a us city with more young people than old.	san francisco
name a us city with more young people than old.	atlanta
name something that wakes you when you're camping out.	birds
name something that wakes you when you're camping out.	sunlight
name something that wakes you when you're camping out.	rain
name something that wakes you when you're camping out.	bugs
name something that wakes you when you're camping out.	bathroom needs
name something that wakes you when you're camping out.	thunder
name something you wish people wouldn't do in your car.	smoke
name something you wish people wouldn't do in your car.	eat
name something people on cruises do.	eat
name something people on cruises do.	relax
name something people on cruises do.	dance
name something people on cruises do.	swim
name something people on cruises do.	shuffle
name something people on cruises do.	gamble
name a domestic pet.	dog
name a domestic pet.	cat
name a domestic pet.	hamster
name a domestic pet.	guinea pig
name a domestic pet.	goldfish
name something a person might use to clean their belly button	q tip
name something a person might use to clean their belly button	finger
name something men love to argue about with other men.	sports
name something men love to argue about with other men.	women
name something men love to argue about with other men.	politics
name something men love to argue about with other men.	cars
name a country known for its beaches.	usa
name a country known for its beaches.	mexico
name a country known for its beaches.	australia
name a country known for its beaches.	bahamas
name a country known for its beaches.	jamaica
name an occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited	wedding day
name an occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited	first date
name an occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited	pregnant
name an occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited	proposal
name an occasion when a woman might be especially nervous and excited	job interview
name a snack food that has cream in the middle.	twinkie
name a snack food that has cream in the middle.	oreo
name a snack food that has cream in the middle.	donuts
name a snack food that has cream in the middle.	ding dong
name a snack food that has cream in the middle.	cupcake
name a snack food that has cream in the middle.	bonbon
name something you might accidentally get locked in.	car
name something you might accidentally get locked in.	toilet
name something you might accidentally get locked in.	cupboard
name something you might accidentally get locked in.	house
name something you might accidentally get locked in.	lift
name something you might accidentally get locked in.	shop
name something you plan for.	weddings
name something you plan for.	vacations
name something you plan for.	birthday party
name something you plan for.	retirement
name something you plan for.	having children
name something you might eat at thanksgiving dinner.	turkey
name something you might eat at thanksgiving dinner.	mashed potatoes
name something you might eat at thanksgiving dinner.	stuffing
name something you might eat at thanksgiving dinner.	cranberries
name something you might eat at thanksgiving dinner.	sweet potatoes
name something kids do these days instead of reading.	video games
name something kids do these days instead of reading.	watch tv
name something kids do these days instead of reading.	computer/internet
name something kids do these days instead of reading.	sports/exercise
name something kids do these days instead of reading.	eat/drink
name something kids do these days instead of reading.	play cards/poker
name something you haven't ridden since you were a kid.	bicycle
name something you haven't ridden since you were a kid.	tricycle
name something you haven't ridden since you were a kid.	horse
name something you haven't ridden since you were a kid.	amusement ride
name something you haven't ridden since you were a kid.	sled
name something you haven't ridden since you were a kid.	train
name a yellow fruit.	bananas
name a yellow fruit.	lemons
name a yellow fruit.	pineapples
name a yellow fruit.	pears
name a yellow fruit.	apples
name someone famous who rode a horse.	wayne
name someone famous who rode a horse.	the duke
name someone famous who rode a horse.	john wayne
name someone famous who rode a horse.	revere
name someone famous who rode a horse.	paul revere
name someone famous who rode a horse.	reeve
name someone famous who rode a horse.	christopher reeve
name someone famous who rode a horse.	roy rogers
name someone famous who rode a horse.	george washington
name someone famous who rode a horse.	washington
name someone famous who rode a horse.	ranger
name someone famous who rode a horse.	lone ranger
name something an inconsiderate person will hog from others.	food
name something an inconsiderate person will hog from others.	remote control
name something an inconsiderate person will hog from others.	bathroom
name something an inconsiderate person will hog from others.	covers
name a celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane.	justin beiber
name a celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane.	kim kardashian
name a celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane.	lindsay lohan
name a celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane.	miley cyrus
name a celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane.	lil wayne
name a celebrity you wouldn't want to sit next to on an airplane.	howard stern
name something you have with you all the time.	phone
name something you have with you all the time.	wallet
name something you have with you all the time.	id
name something you have with you all the time.	money
name something you have with you all the time.	keys
name something you would not want to see in a school cafeteria.	bugs
name something you would not want to see in a school cafeteria.	rats
name something you would not want to see in a school cafeteria.	mice
name something you would not want to see in a school cafeteria.	hair
name something you would not want to see in a school cafeteria.	finger
name a flower that's also a girl's name.	rose
name a flower that's also a girl's name.	daisy
name a flower that's also a girl's name.	lily
name a flower that's also a girl's name.	iris
name a flower that's also a girl's name.	violet
name a flower that's also a girl's name.	jasmine
name something that you move around.	cart
name something that you move around.	baby stroller
name something that you move around.	vacuum
name something that you move around.	lawn mower
name a piece of furniture that is often made from wood.	bed frame
name a piece of furniture that is often made from wood.	dresser
name a piece of furniture that is often made from wood.	table
name a piece of furniture that is often made from wood.	bookshelf
name common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit.	cash
name common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit.	clothes
name common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit.	candy
name common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit.	toys
name common gift kids receive when their grandparents visit.	books
name something a man gives his wife on valentine's day.	flowers
name something a man gives his wife on valentine's day.	chocolates
name a piece of sporting equipment that often breaks.	bat
name a piece of sporting equipment that often breaks.	tennis racket
name a piece of sporting equipment that often breaks.	hockey stick
name a piece of sporting equipment that often breaks.	helmet
name a profession that uses a ladder.	firefighters
name a profession that uses a ladder.	painter
name a profession that uses a ladder.	roofer
name a profession that uses a ladder.	carpenter
name a quiet animal:	cat
name a quiet animal:	mouse
name a quiet animal:	rabbit
name a quiet animal:	deer
name a quiet animal:	giraffe
name a quiet animal:	fish
name a quiet animal:	snake
name a quiet animal:	hamster
name something you need when you do yard work.	rake
name something you need when you do yard work.	lawn mower
name something you need when you do yard work.	gloves
name something you need when you do yard work.	hoe
name something you need when you do yard work.	hat
name something that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror.	hair
name something that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror.	makeup
name something that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror.	clothing
name something that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror.	tie
name something that might not look right if you got ready without looking in the mirror.	toupee
name a job you might get at a hospital.	nurse
name a job you might get at a hospital.	doctor
name a job you might get at a hospital.	admitting
name a job you might get at a hospital.	orderly
name a job you might get at a hospital.	custodian
name something a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of.	excess skin
name something a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of.	friends
name something a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of.	energy
name something a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of.	nice clothes
name something a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of.	self-esteem
name something a person who loses 100 pounds suddenly has more of.	shape
name a place you might move to when you retire.	florida
name a place you might move to when you retire.	hawaii
name a place you might move to when you retire.	arizona
name a place you might move to when you retire.	california
name a city where people like to show off their bodies.	miami
name a city where people like to show off their bodies.	los angeles
name a city where people like to show off their bodies.	new york
name a city where people like to show off their bodies.	rio de janeiro
name a city where people like to show off their bodies.	paris
name somewhere children love going that adults don't.	park
name somewhere children love going that adults don't.	amusement park
name somewhere children love going that adults don't.	chuck e cheese
name somewhere children love going that adults don't.	petting zoo
name somewhere children love going that adults don't.	arcades
name someone you see only once a year.	santa
name someone you see only once a year.	grandparent
name someone you see only once a year.	doctor
name someone you see only once a year.	aunt
name someone you see only once a year.	dentist
name someone you see only once a year.	cousin
name something people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight.	eat more
name something people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight.	fad diet
name something people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight.	starve
name something people do when they're depressed because they've gained weight.	sleep
name an animal you might see at the zoo. (new set)	monkeys
name an animal you might see at the zoo. (new set)	lions
name an animal you might see at the zoo. (new set)	elephants
name an animal you might see at the zoo. (new set)	tigers
name an animal you might see at the zoo. (new set)	zebras
name an animal you might see at the zoo. (new set)	giraffes
name something that's usually required to rent an automobile.	credit card
name something that's usually required to rent an automobile.	drivers license
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	weather
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	job
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	kids
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	hobbies
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	past loves
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	recent news
name a subject people talk about when they're just getting acquainted?	hometown
name something with a flame.	lighter
name something with a flame.	candle
name something with a flame.	fire
name something with a flame.	torch
name something with a flame.	stove
name something with a flame.	matches
name an activity that might take place during a slumber party.	pillow fight
name an activity that might take place during a slumber party.	play games
name an activity that might take place during a slumber party.	tell ghost stories
name an activity that might take place during a slumber party.	watch movie
name an activity that might take place during a slumber party.	makeover
name an activity that might take place during a slumber party.	dancing
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	lottery
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	card game
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	bingo
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	sports game
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	race
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	game show
name something you don't have to be intelligent to win.	eating contest
name a place where you spray perfume.	neck
name a place where you spray perfume.	wrist
name a place where you spray perfume.	bathroom
name a place where you spray perfume.	underarm
name something parents brag about their children when they're babies.	how cute they are
name something parents brag about their children when they're babies.	first word
name something parents brag about their children when they're babies.	walking
name something parents brag about their children when they're babies.	they're so smart
name something parents brag about their children when they're babies.	sleep all night
name something parents brag about their children when they're babies.	they smile
name something you might do on a date.	kiss
name something you might do on a date.	go out for dinner
name something you might do on a date.	talk
name something you might do on a date.	watch a movie
name something you might do on a date.	pay
name a reason someone might buy one brand of toilet paper over another.	softer
name a reason someone might buy one brand of toilet paper over another.	cheaper
name an ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar.	lettuce
name an ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar.	alfalfa sprouts
name an ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar.	shrimp
name an ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar.	olives
name an ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar.	cherry tomatoes
name an ingredient you would find at a fancy salad bar.	cucumber
name some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own.	sex life
name some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own.	age
name some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own.	income
name some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own.	weight
name some personal information you don't feel is anyone's business but your own.	social security
name something that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people.	kiss
name something that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people.	breast feeding
name something that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people.	fart
name something that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people.	belch
name something that you think is okay to do in public but is frowned upon by other people.	pee
name an exercise that no one looks good doing.	yoga
name an exercise that no one looks good doing.	sit-ups/crunches
name an exercise that no one looks good doing.	jogging/treadmill
name an exercise that no one looks good doing.	squats
name a smart animal.	dogs
name a smart animal.	dolphin
name a smart animal.	monkey
name a smart animal.	elephant
name a smart animal.	pig
name something a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner.	more sleep
name something a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner.	nap
name something a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner.	dream
name something a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner.	sleep
name something a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner.	slumber
name something a person might do right after eating a big thanksgiving dinner.	snooze
name something people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane.	read
name something people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane.	eat/drink
name something people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane.	sleep
name something people do at the airport while waiting for an airplane.	watch people
name something a person keeps for a lifetime.	photos
name something a person keeps for a lifetime.	jewelry
name something a person keeps for a lifetime.	memories
name something a person keeps for a lifetime.	themselves
name something a person keeps for a lifetime.	teddy
name something a person keeps for a lifetime.	name
name a common superstition.	friday the thirteenth
name a common superstition.	black cat
name a common superstition.	broken mirror
name a common superstition.	walking under ladder
name a fruit you can eat with one bite.	grape
name a fruit you can eat with one bite.	strawberry
name a fruit you can eat with one bite.	prune
name something a politician has to be good at.	lying
name something a politician has to be good at.	speaking
name something a bracelet might be made of. (be more specific than metal)	gold
name something a bracelet might be made of. (be more specific than metal)	silver
name a situation when you need to gather courage before taking action.	fighting
name a situation when you need to gather courage before taking action.	proposing marriage
name a situation when you need to gather courage before taking action.	quitting a job
name a situation when you need to gather courage before taking action.	asking someone out
name a situation when you need to gather courage before taking action.	ask for a raise
name a situation when you need to gather courage before taking action.	public speaking
name something you check under the bonnet of your car.	oil
name something you check under the bonnet of your car.	water
name something you check under the bonnet of your car.	engine
name something you check under the bonnet of your car.	battery
name something you check under the bonnet of your car.	radiator
name something that some people seem to love more than people.	pets
name something that some people seem to love more than people.	money
name something that some people seem to love more than people.	chocolate
name something that some people seem to love more than people.	food
name a profession that requires really good balance	tightrope walker
name a profession that requires really good balance	acrobat
name a profession that requires really good balance	gymnast
name a profession that requires really good balance	trapeze artist
name a profession that requires really good balance	ballerina
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	relationships
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	babies
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	parenting
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	baby
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	job
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	money
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	health care
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	election
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	politics
name a subject your friends seem to love giving free advice on.	healthcare
name a loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house.	music
name a loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house.	yelling
name a loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house.	barking dog
name a loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house.	pounding
name a loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house.	belching
name a loud noise you might hear coming from your rude neighbor's house.	saw
name a precious stone or gem.	diamond
name a precious stone or gem.	ruby
name a precious stone or gem.	emerald
name a precious stone or gem.	opal
name a precious stone or gem.	pearl
name something people do while watching their favorite band.	dance
name something people do while watching their favorite band.	sing along
name something people do while watching their favorite band.	bob head
name something people do while watching their favorite band.	clap
name something people do while watching their favorite band.	tap fingers
name something people do while watching their favorite band.	play air guitar
name a costume a boy might wear for halloween.	batman
name a costume a boy might wear for halloween.	pirate
name a costume a boy might wear for halloween.	superman
name a costume a boy might wear for halloween.	vampire
name an activity for which people wear boots.	hiking
name an activity for which people wear boots.	ski/snowboarding
name an activity for which people wear boots.	hunting
name an activity for which people wear boots.	fishing
name an activity for which people wear boots.	sledding
name an activity for which people wear boots.	shoveling
name an activity for which people wear boots.	horseback riding
name an event in olympic gymnastics.	balance beam
name an event in olympic gymnastics.	floor exercise
name an event in olympic gymnastics.	the vault
name an event in olympic gymnastics.	parallel bars
name an event in olympic gymnastics.	the rings
name something twins have in common.	looks
name something twins have in common.	parents
name something twins have in common.	birthday
name something twins have in common.	surname
name something twins have in common.	genes
name an animal that you could outrun.	turtle
name an animal that you could outrun.	cat
name an animal that you could outrun.	snail
name an animal that you could outrun.	dog
name an animal that you could outrun.	pig
name an animal that you could outrun.	rabbit
name a body part that's on a woman and a chicken.	breasts
name a body part that's on a woman and a chicken.	legs/thighs
name a body part that's on a woman and a chicken.	feet/claws
name a body part that's on a woman and a chicken.	neck
name a fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it.	pear
name a fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it.	melon
name a fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it.	apple
name a fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it.	peach
name a fruit that is used to describe a woman's body or part of it.	cherry
name a reason you might want to change seats on a plane.	want window or aisle
name a reason you might want to change seats on a plane.	annoying person
name a reason you might want to change seats on a plane.	crying baby
name a reason you might want to change seats on a plane.	cramped
name a reason you might want to change seats on a plane.	bad hygiene
name a reason you might want to change seats on a plane.	turbulence
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	movie/theater
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	restaurant
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	airplane
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	church
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	bus
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	doctor's office
name a kind of place where you hate to be seated next to a screaming baby.	concert
name something that causes a person to laugh.	jokes
name something that causes a person to laugh.	being tickled
name something that causes a person to laugh.	tv show/movie
name something that causes a person to laugh.	clown
other than christmas name an occasion for which people decorate their houses	halloween
other than christmas name an occasion for which people decorate their houses	easter
other than christmas name an occasion for which people decorate their houses	thanksgiving
other than christmas name an occasion for which people decorate their houses	birthday
other than christmas name an occasion for which people decorate their houses	fourth of july
other than for a passenger name a reason a cab driver would stop the car	red light
other than for a passenger name a reason a cab driver would stop the car	accident
other than for a passenger name a reason a cab driver would stop the car	traffic jam
other than for a passenger name a reason a cab driver would stop the car	police/sirens
other than for a passenger name a reason a cab driver would stop the car	needs gas
other than swimsuits, name something people wear to the beach.	shorts
other than swimsuits, name something people wear to the beach.	flip flops
other than swimsuits, name something people wear to the beach.	sunglasses
other than swimsuits, name something people wear to the beach.	sunblock
other than swimsuits, name something people wear to the beach.	hat
other than swimsuits, name something people wear to the beach.	towel
once a baby can crawl, name something you make sure is baby-proofed in your house	stairs
once a baby can crawl, name something you make sure is baby-proofed in your house	outlets
once a baby can crawl, name something you make sure is baby-proofed in your house	cabinets/bleach
once a baby can crawl, name something you make sure is baby-proofed in your house	table corners
once a baby can crawl, name something you make sure is baby-proofed in your house	medication
once a baby can crawl, name something you make sure is baby-proofed in your house	stove/oven
other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college	sports team
other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college	location
other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college	friends are going
other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college	party school
other than academic why might a teen choose a certain college	cost of tuition
other than christmas name a word thats in almost every christmas song	merry
other than christmas name a word thats in almost every christmas song	santa
other than christmas name a word thats in almost every christmas song	snow
other than christmas name a word thats in almost every christmas song	bells
other than christmas name a word thats in almost every christmas song	holiday
other than displays of affection name something you wish couples wouldnt do in public	fight
other than displays of affection name something you wish couples wouldnt do in public	feed each other
other than displays of affection name something you wish couples wouldnt do in public	baby talk
other than rain, name a reason a person might close the top of their convertible.	windy
other than rain, name a reason a person might close the top of their convertible.	snow
other than rain, name a reason a person might close the top of their convertible.	cold
other than rain, name a reason a person might close the top of their convertible.	sun
other than rain, name a reason a person might close the top of their convertible.	too hot
other than rain, name a reason a person might close the top of their convertible.	night time
other than her kids name something a woman might blame her gray hair on.	work
other than her kids name something a woman might blame her gray hair on.	husband
other than her kids name something a woman might blame her gray hair on.	bills
other than her kids name something a woman might blame her gray hair on.	age
other than her kids name something a woman might blame her gray hair on.	parents
other than her kids name something a woman might blame her gray hair on.	nature
other than a doctor, name an occupation that makes house calls.	plumber
other than a doctor, name an occupation that makes house calls.	repair
other than a doctor, name an occupation that makes house calls.	salesman
other than a doctor, name an occupation that makes house calls.	milkman
other than a doctor, name an occupation that makes house calls.	veterinarian
past or present, name a famous blonde who proves blondes really do have more fun.	marilyn monroe
past or present, name a famous blonde who proves blondes really do have more fun.	madonna
past or present, name a famous new york yankee.	babe ruth
past or present, name a famous new york yankee.	lou gehrig
past or present, name a tv show set on an island.	gilligan's island
past or present, name a tv show set on an island.	lost
past or present, name a tv show set on an island.	survivor
past or present, name a tv show set on an island.	fantasy island
past or present, name a tv show set on an island.	hawaii five-o
people move to california for the weather. name a reason they move away.	cost of living
people move to california for the weather. name a reason they move away.	earthquakes
people move to california for the weather. name a reason they move away.	too many people
people move to california for the weather. name a reason they move away.	weather
people move to california for the weather. name a reason they move away.	crime
people move to california for the weather. name a reason they move away.	smog
people are always complaining about taxes; name something our taxes pay for, that you approve of.	school system
people are always complaining about taxes; name something our taxes pay for, that you approve of.	road improvement
people are always complaining about taxes; name something our taxes pay for, that you approve of.	trash removal
people are always complaining about taxes; name something our taxes pay for, that you approve of.	prisons
people are always complaining about taxes; name something our taxes pay for, that you approve of.	public library
past or present, name a game show about relationships.	dating game
past or present, name a game show about relationships.	newly wed game
past or present, name a game show about relationships.	love connection
past or present, name a game show about relationships.	blind date
past or present, name a game show about relationships.	family feud
past or present, name a game show about relationships.	family heart
poor people worry about money. what do rich people worry about?	money
poor people worry about money. what do rich people worry about?	friends
poor people worry about money. what do rich people worry about?	health
poor people worry about money. what do rich people worry about?	cars
poor people worry about money. what do rich people worry about?	poor people
poor people worry about money. what do rich people worry about?	not being happy
past or present, name a famous artist:	pablo picasso
past or present, name a famous artist:	vincent van gogh
past or present, name a famous artist:	leonardo da vinci
past or present, name a famous artist:	michelangelo
past or present, name a famous artist:	rembrandt vin rijn
past or present, name a famous artist:	auguste renoir
past or present, name a famous artist:	norman rockwell
past or present, name a famous country singer.	dolly parton
past or present, name a famous country singer.	willie nelson
past or present, name a famous country singer.	garth brooks
past or present, name a famous country singer.	george strait
past or present, name a famous country singer.	johnny cash
past or present, name a famous country singer.	carrie underwood
real or fictional, name a famous "paul".	mccartney
real or fictional, name a famous "paul".	revere
real or fictional, name a famous "paul".	bunyan
real or fictional, name a famous "paul".	newman
real or fictional, name a famous "paul".	the apostle
real or fictional, name a famous "paul".	simon
real or fictional, tell me someone who has the word "little" in their name.	little richard
real or fictional, tell me someone who has the word "little" in their name.	stuart little
real or fictional, tell me someone who has the word "little" in their name.	rich little
real or fictional, tell me someone who has the word "little" in their name.	little john
real or fictional, tell me someone who has the word "little" in their name.	little boy blue
real or fictional, tell me someone who has the word "little" in their name.	lil' bow wow
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	robin hood
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	superman
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	peter pan
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	batman
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	bary shnikov
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	zorro
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	romeo
real or fictional, name a famous male who wears tights.	john travolta
roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you.	edgar allen poe
roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you.	william shakespear
roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you.	robert frost
roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you.	john keats
roses are red, violets are blue, tell me a poet who's famous to you.	maya angelou
something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet.	make up
something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet.	feminine products
something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet.	perfume
something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet.	brush
something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet.	lotion
something in a woman's purse that's not in a man's wallet.	mirror
something that gives you the chills.	scary movies
something that gives you the chills.	bugs/spiders
something that gives you the chills.	cold weather/snow
something that gives you the chills.	nails on chalkb'd
something that gives you the chills.	cold drinks
something that gives you the chills.	ice cream
something that gives you the chills.	snakes
tell me a game show that's been around forever.	price is right
tell me a game show that's been around forever.	family fued
tell me a game show that's been around forever.	wheel of fortune
tell me a game show that's been around forever.	jeopardy
tell someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific then "elders")	teacher
tell someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific then "elders")	grandparent
tell someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific then "elders")	police officer
tell someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific then "elders")	themselves
tell someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific then "elders")	parent
tell someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific then "elders")	clergy
tell me a name you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your name.	spot
tell me a name you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your name.	fido
tell me a name you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your name.	rover
tell me a name you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your name.	fluffy
tell me a name you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your name.	spike
tell me a name you might give your pet that you'd hate to have as your name.	pookie
tell me something you only do when youre sick	nap
tell me something you only do when youre sick	vomit
tell me something you only do when youre sick	take medicine
tell me something you only do when youre sick	eat soup
tell me something you only do when youre sick	home from work
tell me something you only do when youre sick	go to doctor
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your name	obituaries
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your name	front page
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your name	crime log/courts
tell me a place in the newspaper where you wouldnt want to see your name	classified
tell me a food that has "hot" in its name	hot dog
tell me a food that has "hot" in its name	hot sauce
tell me a food that has "hot" in its name	hot tamale
tell me a food that has "hot" in its name	hot wings
tell me a food that has "hot" in its name	hot pocket
tell me a food that has "hot" in its name	hot peppers
tell me a question that twins are often asked	are you twins?
tell me a question that twins are often asked	identical / fraternal
tell me a question that twins are often asked	who's older?
tell me a question that twins are often asked	who's who?
tell me a question that twins are often asked	similar names?
tell me a question that twins are often asked	think alike?
tell me a question that twins are often asked	dress alike?
tell me something you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from.	puzzle
tell me something you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from.	earring
tell me something you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from.	car
tell me something you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from.	board game
tell me something you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from.	pie
tell me something you hate to discover that you're missing a piece from.	cake
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	underwear
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	shoes
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	tv
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	food
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	car
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	bed
tell me something youd be reluctant to buy from a rummage sale	computer
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	5pm
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	8pm
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	6pm
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	7pm
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	9pm
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	4pm
tell me the latest hour you could drink coffee without it affecting your ability to fall asleep.	3pm
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	pretty
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	cute
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	beautiful
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	princess
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	precious
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	adorable
tell me a word people use to describe female babies but not male babies	doll
tell me a reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long	can't swim/afraid
tell me a reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long	in cast
tell me a reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long	grounded
tell me a reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long	cold weather
tell me a reason why a kid would not go swimming all summer long	no pool
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	12
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	24
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	10
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	50
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	20
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	52
tell me how many times most men get their haircut in a year (numeric only)	30
tell me a place where it's easy to make friends.	work
tell me a place where it's easy to make friends.	school
tell me a place where it's easy to make friends.	bar
tell me a place where it's easy to make friends.	place of worship
tell me a place where it's easy to make friends.	internet
tell me a place where it's easy to make friends.	summer camp
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	eat
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	type
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	write
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	cook
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	get dressed
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	wash dishes
tell me something that is impossible to do with freshly painted nails	scratch an itch
tell me a reason you exit the freeway.	traffic jam
tell me a reason you exit the freeway.	get gas
tell me a reason you exit the freeway.	your destination
tell me a reason you exit the freeway.	accident
tell me a reason you exit the freeway.	restroom
tell me a reason you exit the freeway.	to eat
tell me how many days it takes a man to grow a beard. (numeric only)	7 days
tell me how many days it takes a man to grow a beard. (numeric only)	5 days
tell me how many days it takes a man to grow a beard. (numeric only)	10 days
tell me how many days it takes a man to grow a beard. (numeric only)	14 days
tell me how many days it takes a man to grow a beard. (numeric only)	3 days
tell me how many days it takes a man to grow a beard. (numeric only)	4 days
tell me a name people use to describe someone who talks to much	babbermouth
tell me a name people use to describe someone who talks to much	big mouth
tell me a name people use to describe someone who talks to much	motormouth
tell me a name people use to describe someone who talks to much	chatterbox
tell me a name people use to describe someone who talks to much	gossip
tell me something you do when you stay up late at night	watch tv/ movie
tell me something you do when you stay up late at night	read
tell me something you do when you stay up late at night	snack
tell me something you do when you stay up late at night	drink
tell me something you do when you stay up late at night	play computer games
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	love
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	fear/worry
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	anger
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	happy
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	distrustful
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	compassion
tell me an emotion that gets stronger after you have children	pride
tell me a decoration you might see at someone's birthday party	balloons
tell me a decoration you might see at someone's birthday party	streamers
tell me a kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids.	supermarket
tell me a kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids.	sports game
tell me a kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids.	the mall
tell me a kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids.	restaurant
tell me a kind of place where you can be sure to see parents yelling at their kids.	at home
tell me something that makes people thirsty.	salty foods
tell me something that makes people thirsty.	running
tell me something that makes people thirsty.	working out
tell me something that makes people thirsty.	ham
tell me something that makes people thirsty.	potato chips
tell me something that makes people thirsty.	sports
tell me job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning.	police officer
tell me job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning.	doctor
tell me job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning.	nurse
tell me job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning.	security guard
tell me job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning.	baker
tell me job where you might be working at 4 o'clock in the morning.	postman
tell me something your dogs get to do that you wish you could do.	sleep all day
tell me something your dogs get to do that you wish you could do.	run around
tell me something your dogs get to do that you wish you could do.	lick self
tell me something your dogs get to do that you wish you could do.	pee in public
tell me something your dogs get to do that you wish you could do.	jump
tell me an excuse people give the police when pulled over for speeding.	didn't notice speed
tell me an excuse people give the police when pulled over for speeding.	late
tell me the age when a kid is too old to sit on santa's lap.	10
tell me the age when a kid is too old to sit on santa's lap.	8
tell me the age when a child's last baby tooth falls out.	12
tell me the age when a child's last baby tooth falls out.	7
tell me the age when a child's last baby tooth falls out.	5
tell me something in a library that you can't check out.	computer
tell me something in a library that you can't check out.	periodicals
tell me something in a library that you can't check out.	reference books
tell me something in a library that you can't check out.	librarian
two heads are better than one. name another part of your body you might want to have two of.	heart
two heads are better than one. name another part of your body you might want to have two of.	nose
two heads are better than one. name another part of your body you might want to have two of.	brain
two heads are better than one. name another part of your body you might want to have two of.	mouth
two heads are better than one. name another part of your body you might want to have two of.	stomach
two heads are better than one. name another part of your body you might want to have two of.	hands
tell me the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents.	13
tell me the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents.	12
tell me the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents.	10
tell me the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents.	14
tell me the age at which a kid no longer wants to be seen with his parents.	16
tell me where you store all your spare change.	jar
tell me where you store all your spare change.	piggy bank
tell me where you store all your spare change.	pocket
tell me where you store all your spare change.	car
tell me where you store all your spare change.	purse
tell me where you store all your spare change.	drawer
tell me how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters.	three
tell me how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters.	four
tell me how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters.	five
tell me how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters.	two
tell me how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters.	one
tell me how many cups of coffee it takes to give you the jitters.	ten
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	tandem bicycles
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	car
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	motorcycles
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	horse
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	amusement ride
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	jet ski
tell me something two people can ride at the same time.	bus
tell me something you hate to admit you did on saturday night.	stayed home
tell me something you hate to admit you did on saturday night.	got drunk
tell me something you hate to admit you did on saturday night.	had a fling
tell me something you hate to admit you did on saturday night.	gambled/lost money
tell me an animal that high school teams are often named after.	dogs
tell me an animal that high school teams are often named after.	tigers
tell me an animal that high school teams are often named after.	bears
tell me an animal that high school teams are often named after.	eagles
tell me an animal that high school teams are often named after.	cougar
tell me an animal that high school teams are often named after.	lions
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	twelve
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	ten
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	thirteen
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	fourteen
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	eight
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	eleven
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	nine
tell me the age when a kid gets braces.	six
tell me something you would not like to see when getting on an airplane.	flames
tell me something you would not like to see when getting on an airplane.	drunk pilot
tell me something you would not like to see when getting on an airplane.	bomb
tell me something you would not like to see when getting on an airplane.	terrorists
tell me something you would not like to see when getting on an airplane.	guns
tell me something you would not like to see when getting on an airplane.	crying baby
tell me an animal that people usually don't like to eat.	dog
tell me an animal that people usually don't like to eat.	deer
tell me an animal that people usually don't like to eat.	cats
tell me an animal that people usually don't like to eat.	skunks
tell me an animal that people usually don't like to eat.	snakes
tell me something you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do.	clean up/room
tell me something you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do.	listen/behave
tell me something you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do.	homew'k/gd grades
tell me something you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do.	go to bed/sleep
tell me something you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do.	say no to drugs
tell me something you'd love to be able to hypnotize your children to do.	cook for me
tell me something that's harder to do backwards than forwards.	walk
tell me something that's harder to do backwards than forwards.	run
tell me something that's harder to do backwards than forwards.	drive
tell me something that's harder to do backwards than forwards.	ice-skate/skate
tell me something that's harder to do backwards than forwards.	ride a bike
tell me something that's harder to do backwards than forwards.	read
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is mean.	bully
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is mean.	horrible
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is mean.	bossy
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is mean.	wicked
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone who is mean.	cruel
tell me something kids are always complaining about.	homework
tell me something kids are always complaining about.	going to school
tell me something kids are always complaining about.	chores
tell me something kids are always complaining about.	they're bored
tell me something kids are always complaining about.	bed time
tell me a person children often learn about in school.	abraham lincoln
tell me a person children often learn about in school.	john f. kennedy
tell me a person children often learn about in school.	benjamin franklin
tell me a person children often learn about in school.	martin luther king jr.
tell me a person children often learn about in school.	rosa parks
tell me an academy award category most people stay up to watch.	best actor
tell me an academy award category most people stay up to watch.	best picture
tell me an academy award category most people stay up to watch.	best actress
tell me an academy award category most people stay up to watch.	best music
tell me the time of day when most people eat breakfast.	8:00 am
tell me the time of day when most people eat breakfast.	7:00 am
tell me the time of day when most people eat breakfast.	9:00 am
tell me the time of day when most people eat breakfast.	10:00 am
tell me the time of day when most people eat breakfast.	7:30 am
tell me the time of day when most people eat breakfast.	9:30 am
they say with age comes wisdom. name something else that comes with age.	wrinkles
they say with age comes wisdom. name something else that comes with age.	aches
they say with age comes wisdom. name something else that comes with age.	experience
they say with age comes wisdom. name something else that comes with age.	gray hair
they say with age comes wisdom. name something else that comes with age.	hair loss
they say with age comes wisdom. name something else that comes with age.	arthritis
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	spoon
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	forks
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	pen
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	keys
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	shoes
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	pillows
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	bananas
tell me something that would make an unlikely weapon.	feathers
tell me something that reminds you of the fall season.	leaves fall/turn
tell me something that reminds you of the fall season.	colder weather
tell me something that reminds you of the fall season.	pumpkins
tell me something that reminds you of the fall season.	football
tell me something that reminds you of the fall season.	new tv shows
tell me something a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into.	pants
tell me something a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into.	car
tell me something a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into.	airplane
tell me something a man with a big beer belly might have a hard time fitting into.	shirt
tell me something you see in front of schools:	flag
tell me something you see in front of schools:	children
tell me something you see in front of schools:	buses
tell me something you see in front of schools:	crossing guard
tell me something you see in front of schools:	school name
tell me something you see in front of schools:	speed limit sign
tell me a bad job for someone who hates horses.	jockey
tell me a bad job for someone who hates horses.	stable hand
tell me a bad job for someone who hates horses.	horse trainer
tell me a bad job for someone who hates horses.	farmer
tell me a bad job for someone who hates horses.	rancher
tell me a bad job for someone who hates horses.	veterinarian
tell me an excuse a man might give for showing up late for a date.	stuck in traffic
tell me an excuse a man might give for showing up late for a date.	car trouble
tell me a dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance.	waltz
tell me a dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance.	the twist
tell me a dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance.	swing
tell me a dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance.	polka
tell me a dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance.	square dance
tell me a dance that a guy might do at his prom if his grandparents taught him how to dance.	tango
tell me something you think of when you think of india.	curry
tell me something you think of when you think of india.	taj mahal
tell me something you think of when you think of india.	elephants
tell me something you think of when you think of india.	mahatma gandhi
tell me something that reminds you of winter.	snow
tell me something that reminds you of winter.	cold
tell me something that reminds you of winter.	christmas
tell me something that reminds you of winter.	snowman
tell me something that reminds you of winter.	hot chocolate
tell me something people think needs saving.	money
tell me something people think needs saving.	life
tell me something people think needs saving.	animals
tell me something people think needs saving.	souls
tell me something people think needs saving.	world
tell me something people think needs saving.	childhood
tell me something people think needs saving.	bills
tell me something people think needs saving.	economy
tell me the color of an alien.	green
tell me the color of an alien.	grey
tell me the color of an alien.	white
tell me the color of an alien.	black
tell me something that has the word "hood" in it.	neighborhood
tell me something that has the word "hood" in it.	robin hood
tell me something that has the word "hood" in it.	childhood
tell me something that has the word "hood" in it.	fatherhood
tell me a lullaby that always works on babies.	rock-a-bye baby
tell me a lullaby that always works on babies.	hush little baby
tell me a lullaby that always works on babies.	twinkle, twinkle
tell me a lullaby that always works on babies.	go to sleep little baby
tell me a lullaby that always works on babies.	brahms lullaby
tell me part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's.	chest
tell me part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's.	buttocks
tell me part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's.	hips
tell me part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's.	feet
tell me part of a woman's body that is usually bigger than a man's.	head
tell me a profession that charges by the hour.	psychiatrist/dr.
tell me a profession that charges by the hour.	lawyer
tell me a profession that charges by the hour.	massage therapist
tell me a profession that charges by the hour.	plumber
tell me a profession that charges by the hour.	carpenter
tell me a profession that charges by the hour.	prostitute
tell me a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm.	motorcycle
tell me a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm.	bicycle
tell me a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm.	airplane
tell me a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm.	boat
tell me a form of transportation you wouldn't want to use in a rainstorm.	walking
tell me something that is never there when you need it?	money
tell me something that is never there when you need it?	pen/pencil
tell me something that is never there when you need it?	significant other
tell me something that is never there when you need it?	police officer
tell me something that is never there when you need it?	keys
tell me something that is never there when you need it?	friends
tell me a kind of place where it's acceptable to scream.	amusement park
tell me a kind of place where it's acceptable to scream.	sports event
tell me a kind of place where it's acceptable to scream.	home
tell me a kind of place where it's acceptable to scream.	movie/theater
tell me a kind of place where it's acceptable to scream.	concert
tell me a kind of place where it's acceptable to scream.	dr./delivery room
tell me a dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today.	doctor
tell me a dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today.	astronaut
tell me a dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today.	performer
tell me a dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today.	athlete
tell me a dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today.	pilot
tell me a dream job that you wanted as a kid and still want today.	lawyer
tell me somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost.	haunted house
tell me somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost.	cemetery
tell me somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost.	old hospital
tell me somewhere you'd expect to meet a ghost.	attic
tell me a person you address using sir or ma'am.	teacher
tell me a person you address using sir or ma'am.	boss
tell me a person you address using sir or ma'am.	parent
tell me a person you address using sir or ma'am.	judge
tell me a person you address using sir or ma'am.	police officer
tell me a person you address using sir or ma'am.	server
tell me a place where you often have to pay for parking.	mall
tell me a place where you often have to pay for parking.	hospital
tell me a place where you often have to pay for parking.	concert
tell me a place where you often have to pay for parking.	airport
tell me a place where you often have to pay for parking.	work/downtown
tell me a place where you often have to pay for parking.	sporting event
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	cereal
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	eggs
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	bacon
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	toast
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	pancake
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	donut
unlike honey bun name a breakfast food that doesnt make a good pet name	bagel
what might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most	kissing/ intimacy
what might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most	cooking
what might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most	fixing things
what might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most	making money
what might a woman brag that her husband is better at than most	cleaning
which website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something	google
which website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something	yahoo
which website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something	wikipedia
which website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something	ask.com
which website would you go to first if you want to find out more about something	bing
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	read
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	tuck them in
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	brush teeth
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	give bath
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	pray
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	sing
what do parents do as part of their childrens bedtime routine	kiss goodnight
which of your usual bills increase over the holidays?	credit card
which of your usual bills increase over the holidays?	electric/lights
which of your usual bills increase over the holidays?	food
which of your usual bills increase over the holidays?	phone
which of your usual bills increase over the holidays?	transportation/gas
which of your usual bills increase over the holidays?	heat
what worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone	politics
what worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone	war
what worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone	world peace
what worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone	religion
what worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone	hunger/poverty
what worldly topic would you be surprised to learn that britney spears and jessica simpson talk about when they're alone	global warming
we asked women name something you would not like to have a man do for you on a date	order food
we asked women name something you would not like to have a man do for you on a date	open car door
we asked women name something you would not like to have a man do for you on a date	pay for everything
we asked women name something you would not like to have a man do for you on a date	feed me
what occupation might someone have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance	wedding planner
what occupation might someone have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance	match maker
what occupation might someone have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance	actor
what occupation might someone have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance	dancer
what occupation might someone have that makes you think theyd have a flair for romance	writer
when shes run out of money what might a gambler put on the table	jewelry
when shes run out of money what might a gambler put on the table	car keys
when shes run out of money what might a gambler put on the table	credit card
when shes run out of money what might a gambler put on the table	articles of clothing
when shes run out of money what might a gambler put on the table	deed to house
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	clothes
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	food
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	money
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	bedding
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	toys
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	backpack
what might a kid take along if hes planning to run away from home	bike
who was the worst oscar host?	david letterman
who was the worst oscar host?	steve martin
who was the worst oscar host?	jon stuart
what might a cowboy have hidden under his hat	gun
what might a cowboy have hidden under his hat	money
what might a cowboy have hidden under his hat	hair
what might a cowboy have hidden under his hat	cigarettes
what might a cowboy have hidden under his hat	whiskey
what might a cowboy have hidden under his hat	bandana
what do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly?	oil
what do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly?	gas
what do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly?	engine
what do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly?	brakes
what do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly?	tires
what do you need to check to ensure that your car runs properly?	battery
what do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume	nothing
what do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume	shorts
what do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume	underwear
what do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume	tights
what do you think a high school mascot wears under his costume	t shirt
what might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot?	pacifier
what might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot?	ear plugs
what might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot?	toys
what might you want to bring with you, when babysitting an infant who cries a lot?	headphones
what do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water	tan
what do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water	play volleyball
what do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water	walk
what do people do at the beach that doesnt involve getting in the water	picnic
what animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet?	cow
what animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet?	pig
what animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet?	goat
what animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet?	chicken
what animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet?	horse
what animal would you see at a farm, but never consider keeping for a pet?	sheep
what do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee.	judges
what do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee.	prize
what do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee.	audience
what do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee.	competition
what do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee.	timer
what do you see at the olympics that you might also see at a spelling bee.	scores
when you have a headache, name something it hurts to do.	talk/yell
when you have a headache, name something it hurts to do.	think
when you have a headache, name something it hurts to do.	laugh
when you have a headache, name something it hurts to do.	bend over
when you have a headache, name something it hurts to do.	cough
when you have a headache, name something it hurts to do.	look at light
when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from.	stork
when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from.	mother's stomach
when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from.	heaven
when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from.	already knew
when you were a little kid, where did you think babies came from.	cabbage patch
which sounds do children listen for on christmas eve?	sleigh bells
which sounds do children listen for on christmas eve?	ho ho ho
which sounds do children listen for on christmas eve?	reindeer on roof
which sounds do children listen for on christmas eve?	footsteps
what was your worst nightmare about	death
what was your worst nightmare about	monster
what was your worst nightmare about	falling
what was your worst nightmare about	ghosts
what was your worst nightmare about	spiders
what was your worst nightmare about	clowns
what was your worst nightmare about	witches
what would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley?	get a strike
what would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley?	smoking
what would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley?	drinking
what would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley?	sleeping
what would you be surprised to see a child do at a bowling alley?	perfect game
which festive holiday was more fun when you were a kid	christmas
which festive holiday was more fun when you were a kid	halloween
which festive holiday was more fun when you were a kid	easter
what might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen	sign
what might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen	foam finger
what might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen	attractive woman
what might you bring to the stadium if you wanted to be featured on the jumbo tron screen	silly hat
what would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie?	ride a horse
what would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie?	shoot
what would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie?	act
what would you have to learn to do before starring in a john wayne movie?	fight
what might a kid get in trouble for writing on	wall
what might a kid get in trouble for writing on	school desk
what might a kid get in trouble for writing on	clothes
what might a kid get in trouble for writing on	skin
what might a kid get in trouble for writing on	car
what would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween?	boxing gloves
what would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween?	muscles
what would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween?	shorts
what would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween?	wig
what would you need if you wanted to dress a rocky balboa for halloween?	black eye
what might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop?	ask many questions
what might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop?	carries a gun
what might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop?	wears a badge
what might a woman do on a first date to make you suspect he was an undercover cop?	ask for id
what are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd?	picture crowd naked
what are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd?	deep breath
what are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd?	calm down
what are you advised to to do when you're nervous about speaking in front a crowd?	drink water
what might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas	decorate
what might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas	sing carols
what might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas	dress up
what might your coworker do to let you know she is very excited about christmas	talk about it
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	weapon
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	camera
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	money
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	magnifying glass
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	binoculars
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	spy glasses
what might you find in a briefcase that would make you think it belonged to a spy	tape recorder
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	alarm
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	kids
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	work
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	pet
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	hunger
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	sunlight
when you dont want to get out of bed in the morning name something that gets you up anyway	phone
what might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him?	party
what might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him?	cheat
what might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him?	drive carelessly
what might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him?	get arrested
what might a celebrity do that causes people to criticize him?	divorce
where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter?	attic
where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter?	closet
where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter?	basement
where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter?	garage
where in your house do you look for something that's been packed away for winter?	under bed
what might a parent videotape their child doing around the christmas holiday?	opening presents
what might a parent videotape their child doing around the christmas holiday?	being in pageant
what might a parent videotape their child doing around the christmas holiday?	visiting santa
what time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday?	10
what time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday?	8
what time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday?	9
what time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday?	11
what time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday?	noon
what time is the earliest you're willing to get up on a saturday?	7:00:00
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	a christmas story
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	rudolph/red nosed reindee
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	the grinch
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	home alone
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	white christmas
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	it's/wonderful life
which christmas movie is played most often over the holidays?	frosty the snowman
what do you find out about a town by reading signs on the side of the road?	population
what do you find out about a town by reading signs on the side of the road?	town name
what do you find out about a town by reading signs on the side of the road?	speed limit
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	scream
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	cry
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	kick
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	sweat
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	thrash
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	jump
what might someone do while sleeping that tells you theyre having a nightmare	talk
while at the wedding, name away you can tell that the marriage won't last	fights at wedding
while at the wedding, name away you can tell that the marriage won't last	bride/ groom flirting
while at the wedding, name away you can tell that the marriage won't last	crying/ sad faces
while at the wedding, name away you can tell that the marriage won't last	how they kiss
which trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man?	smart
which trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man?	outgoing
which trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man?	convincing
which trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man?	trusted
which trait of a good teacher would also be important for a good con man?	looks professional
what might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play	talk loudly
what might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play	use phone
what might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play	cough
what might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play	laugh
what might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play	snore
what might somebody do that would annoy fellow theatergoers at a play	heckle
what would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie?	couples
what would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie?	affection
what would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie?	tears
what would you expect to see in the audience of a romance movie?	tissue
what happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old?	werinkles
what happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old?	aches
what happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old?	gray hair
what happens to your body that lets you know you're getting old?	sagd
what is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work	1
what is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work	2
what is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work	3
what is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work	4
what is the maximum number of times its okay for your partner to call you at work	5
what's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute?	music
what's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute?	talk show
what's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute?	news
what's the best thing to have on the radio while on your morning commute?	traffic report
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	boxing
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	hockey
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	football
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	drugs
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	baseball
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	wrestling
what hobby or activity could cause a man to have missing teeth	rugby
why might someones phone number be unlisted	privacy
why might someones phone number be unlisted	famous
why might someones phone number be unlisted	avoid telemarketers
why might someones phone number be unlisted	occupation
why might someones phone number be unlisted	getting prank calls
why might someones phone number be unlisted	just moved
why might someones phone number be unlisted	bill collectors
which characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad?	dark hair
which characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad?	tall
which characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad?	well dressed
which characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad?	accent
which characteristics would make dracula sound attractive in a personal's ad?	mysterious
what food do you want to avoid before kissing someone?	garlic bread
what food do you want to avoid before kissing someone?	pizza
what food do you want to avoid before kissing someone?	tuna
what food do you want to avoid before kissing someone?	onion rings
what food do you want to avoid before kissing someone?	eggs
what food do you want to avoid before kissing someone?	chili
what do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in?	therapist
what do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in?	psychic
what do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in?	books
what do some people look to for relationship guidance, that you don't believe in?	horoscope
why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator?	exercise
why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator?	fire
why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator?	elevator broken
why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator?	fear of small spaces
why might a person use stairs instead of the elevator?	faster
what might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while	accident
what might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while	traffic jam
what might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while	animal
what might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while	flat tire
what might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while	rain/snow
what might you encounter on the freeway that would make you pull off for a while	police activity
what diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without	diapers
what diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without	wipes
what diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without	bottle
what diaper bag item would a parent hate to be without	pacifier
what do some people do immediately after breaking up, and others take time to do?	date again
what do some people do immediately after breaking up, and others take time to do?	mourn
what do some people do immediately after breaking up, and others take time to do?	move on
what accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier	french
what accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier	british
what accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier	italian
what accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier	spanish
what accent might an american pretend to have in order to sound sexier	australian
who was the most influential person of the 20th century?	john f kennedy
who was the most influential person of the 20th century?	martin luther king
who was the most influential person of the 20th century?	bill gates
who was the most influential person of the 20th century?	franklin d roosevelt
who was the most influential person of the 20th century?	mother teresa
what issue do voters care most about?	taxes
what issue do voters care most about?	economy
what issue do voters care most about?	health care
with no time for food shopping, name something a desperate housewife serves for dinner.	tv/frozen dinner
with no time for food shopping, name something a desperate housewife serves for dinner.	pizza
with no time for food shopping, name something a desperate housewife serves for dinner.	eggs
with no time for food shopping, name something a desperate housewife serves for dinner.	hot dogs
with no time for food shopping, name something a desperate housewife serves for dinner.	macaroni & cheese
when the electricity goes out, name something it's hard to do in the dark.	read
when the electricity goes out, name something it's hard to do in the dark.	walk
when the electricity goes out, name something it's hard to do in the dark.	see
when the electricity goes out, name something it's hard to do in the dark.	cook
when the electricity goes out, name something it's hard to do in the dark.	find flashlight
where might you take someone on a date if you wanted to see them in less clothing.	beach
where might you take someone on a date if you wanted to see them in less clothing.	swimming pool
what do you call someone who is too careful with money?	send us your answers!
what do you call someone who is too careful with money?	cheap
we surveyed 100 married women...name a place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there.	work/job
we surveyed 100 married women...name a place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there.	bathroom
we surveyed 100 married women...name a place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there.	bar/club
we surveyed 100 married women...name a place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there.	garage
we surveyed 100 married women...name a place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there.	golf course
we surveyed 100 married women...name a place where your husband spends so much time, he might as well live there.	basement
who is the scariest movie monster of all time?	freddy krueger
who is the scariest movie monster of all time?	dracula
who is the scariest movie monster of all time?	jason
who is the scariest movie monster of all time?	alien
who is the scariest movie monster of all time?	jaws
who is the scariest movie monster of all time?	king kong
which actor's specialty is playing "nut cases?"	jim carrey
which actor's specialty is playing "nut cases?"	robin williams
which actor's specialty is playing "nut cases?"	steve martin
which is the worst room in the house to hide valuables?	bedroom
which is the worst room in the house to hide valuables?	living room
which is the worst room in the house to hide valuables?	kitchen
which is the worst room in the house to hide valuables?	bathroom
what might you name your son if you wanted him to grow up to be a magician.	houdini
what might you name your son if you wanted him to grow up to be a magician.	merlin
what might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	crash it
what might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	drink
what might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	bad grades
what might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	speed
what might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	stay out
what might a teenager do to cause their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	get ticket
what do you often smell before using?	perfume
what do you often smell before using?	milk
what do you often smell before using?	food
what do you often smell before using?	soap
what do you often smell before using?	deodorant
what do you often smell before using?	shampoo
when you break up with someone, name something of theirs you throw away.	pictures
when you break up with someone, name something of theirs you throw away.	clothes
when you break up with someone, name something of theirs you throw away.	letters/cards
when you break up with someone, name something of theirs you throw away.	ring/jewelry
when you break up with someone, name something of theirs you throw away.	phone number
what is the perfect dessert for a supermodel?	jello
what is the perfect dessert for a supermodel?	fruit
what is the perfect dessert for a supermodel?	yogurt
what is the perfect dessert for a supermodel?	sherbert
what is the perfect dessert for a supermodel?	celery
what is the perfect dessert for a supermodel?	cheese cake
we surveyed 100 married women...name someone or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom.	clown
we surveyed 100 married women...name someone or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom.	ringmaster
we surveyed 100 married women...name someone or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom.	lion
we surveyed 100 married women...name someone or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom.	acrobat
we surveyed 100 married women...name someone or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom.	animal tamer
we surveyed 100 married women...name someone or something in a circus that best describes your husband in the bedroom.	tiger
what do you do when someone cuts in front of you in line?	scream
what do you do when someone cuts in front of you in line?	bellow
what do you do when someone cuts in front of you in line?	holler
what do you do when someone cuts in front of you in line?	yell
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that tires out your husband.	job/work
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that tires out your husband.	exercise/walking
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that tires out your husband.	housework/chores
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that tires out your husband.	mowing/yard work
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that tires out your husband.	making love
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that tires out your husband.	baby-sitting/kids
what's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life?	bed
what's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life?	love
what's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life?	chair
what's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life?	tree
what's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life?	car
what's something you've fallen out of at least once in your life?	swing
we surveyed 100 men...name something you might ask a woman that could get you slapped.	"hook up"/sex?
we surveyed 100 men...name something you might ask a woman that could get you slapped.	how 'bout a kiss?
we surveyed 100 men...name something you might ask a woman that could get you slapped.	how old are you?
we surveyed 100 men...name something you might ask a woman that could get you slapped.	how much weigh?
we surveyed 100 men...name something you might ask a woman that could get you slapped.	real hair/color?
we surveyed 100 men...even if it's for just one day, name something hugh hefner has that you'd like to have.	his money
we surveyed 100 men...even if it's for just one day, name something hugh hefner has that you'd like to have.	his mansion
we surveyed 100 men...even if it's for just one day, name something hugh hefner has that you'd like to have.	his women
we surveyed 100 men...even if it's for just one day, name something hugh hefner has that you'd like to have.	his cars
we surveyed 100 men...even if it's for just one day, name something hugh hefner has that you'd like to have.	his fame
we surveyed 100 men...even if it's for just one day, name something hugh hefner has that you'd like to have.	his bathrobes
what do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall?	bump head/ceiling
what do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall?	small cars
what do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall?	clothes/shoes
what do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall?	finding partners
what do you imagine is the biggest disadvantage to being tall?	short beds
what would a high school kid say a prayer before doing?	test
what would a high school kid say a prayer before doing?	eating dinner
what would a high school kid say a prayer before doing?	competing in sports
what would a high school kid say a prayer before doing?	going to bed
what would a high school kid say a prayer before doing?	asking for date
without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake.	oops
without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake.	shoot
without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake.	darn
without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake.	crap
without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake.	dang
without swearing, tell me a word people say right after they have made a mistake.	geeze
when you're driving to work, name a place you wish you were going instead.	beach
when you're driving to work, name a place you wish you were going instead.	home
when you're driving to work, name a place you wish you were going instead.	mall
when you're driving to work, name a place you wish you were going instead.	las vegas
when you're driving to work, name a place you wish you were going instead.	movies
when you're driving to work, name a place you wish you were going instead.	park
which talk show host is the funniest?	ellen degeneres
which talk show host is the funniest?	steve harvey
which talk show host is the funniest?	jay leno
which talk show host is the funniest?	jerry springer
which talk show host is the funniest?	jimmy fallon
what part of people's bodies do dogs bite most?	legs
what part of people's bodies do dogs bite most?	hands
what part of people's bodies do dogs bite most?	ankles
what part of people's bodies do dogs bite most?	feet
what part of people's bodies do dogs bite most?	bottom
what part of people's bodies do dogs bite most?	arms
what's something you might do during your lunch break?	eat lunch
what's something you might do during your lunch break?	smoke a cigarette
what's something you might do during your lunch break?	talk a walk
what's something you might do during your lunch break?	read emails
what's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone?	watch tv
what's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone?	veg out
what's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone?	read
what's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone?	listen
what's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone?	computer
what's your favorite thing to do when you're home alone?	puzzles
what are common nicknames for a grandmother?	na na
what are common nicknames for a grandmother?	granny
what are common nicknames for a grandmother?	grandma
what are common nicknames for a grandmother?	nanny
what are common nicknames for a grandmother?	grammy
what are common nicknames for a grandmother?	big mama
when someone gets a case of the giggles name something they blame it on.	another person
when someone gets a case of the giggles name something they blame it on.	joke
when someone gets a case of the giggles name something they blame it on.	being sleepy
when someone gets a case of the giggles name something they blame it on.	alcohol
when someone gets a case of the giggles name something they blame it on.	nervousness
when someone gets a case of the giggles name something they blame it on.	sugar
what might you see at a baseball game?	players
what might you see at a baseball game?	hot dog
what might you see at a baseball game?	home runs
what might you see at a baseball game?	fans
what might you see at a baseball game?	strikes
we surveyed 100 women...what is it about foreign men that appeals to you most?	an accent
we surveyed 100 women...what is it about foreign men that appeals to you most?	their looks
we surveyed 100 women...what is it about foreign men that appeals to you most?	mysterious/sexy
we surveyed 100 women...what is it about foreign men that appeals to you most?	polite/manners
we surveyed 100 women...what is it about foreign men that appeals to you most?	their customs
what's the first thing you look for when you buy a house?	house condition
what's the first thing you look for when you buy a house?	location
what's the first thing you look for when you buy a house?	kitchen
what's the first thing you look for when you buy a house?	price
what's the first thing you look for when you buy a house?	bedrooms
when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband?	closet
when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband?	under bed/mattr.
when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband?	drawer/dresser
when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband?	car/trunk
when a woman goes on a shopping spree, where does she hide the purchases from her husband?	basement
where were you the last time someone tried to cut in front of you in line?	grocery store
where were you the last time someone tried to cut in front of you in line?	movie line
where were you the last time someone tried to cut in front of you in line?	bank line
where were you the last time someone tried to cut in front of you in line?	department store
where were you the last time someone tried to cut in front of you in line?	restaurant
what is a surefire way to liven up a dull party?	music/karaoke
what is a surefire way to liven up a dull party?	alcohol
what is a surefire way to liven up a dull party?	play games
what is a surefire way to liven up a dull party?	exotic dancer
what is a surefire way to liven up a dull party?	tell jokes
what is a surefire way to liven up a dull party?	dance
what part of your spouse's body is always cold?	feet
what part of your spouse's body is always cold?	hands
what part of your spouse's body is always cold?	nose
what part of your spouse's body is always cold?	buttocks
what part of your spouse's body is always cold?	heart
what is your favourite part of the human body?	eyes
what is your favourite part of the human body?	face
what is your favourite part of the human body?	chest
what is your favourite part of the human body?	hands
what is your favourite part of the human body?	legs
what is your favourite part of the human body?	head
what is your favourite part of the human body?	arms
which is the most talked-about city in the u.s.a.?	new york
which is the most talked-about city in the u.s.a.?	l.a./hollywood
which is the most talked-about city in the u.s.a.?	washington d.c.
which is the most talked-about city in the u.s.a.?	chicago
what kind of bagel would you avoid eating before an interview	onion
what kind of bagel would you avoid eating before an interview	garlic
what single thing frightens small children the most?	dark
what single thing frightens small children the most?	monster
what single thing frightens small children the most?	strange noises
what single thing frightens small children the most?	thunder
what single thing frightens small children the most?	strangers
what single thing frightens small children the most?	dog
when you need information fast, what do you do?	computer
when you need information fast, what do you do?	ask someone
when you need information fast, what do you do?	dial 411
when you need information fast, what do you do?	phone book
when you need information fast, what do you do?	fax it
when you need information fast, what do you do?	dictionary
when going on vacation, what's the worst thing to forget to pack?	toiletries
when going on vacation, what's the worst thing to forget to pack?	clothes/shoes
when going on vacation, what's the worst thing to forget to pack?	money/credit card
when going on vacation, what's the worst thing to forget to pack?	medication
when going on vacation, what's the worst thing to forget to pack?	camera
what type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food?	fruit
what type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food?	vegetables
what type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food?	sandwich
what type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food?	apple
what type of healthy lunchbox foods would kids most want to trade for junk food?	carrots
when your car is in the repair shop, name a kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you.	store
when your car is in the repair shop, name a kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you.	work
when your car is in the repair shop, name a kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you.	doctor
when your car is in the repair shop, name a kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you.	auto shop
when your car is in the repair shop, name a kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you.	home
when your car is in the repair shop, name a kind of place you ask your neighbor to drive you.	bus stop
what would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for?	loan
what would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for?	job/promotion
what would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for?	date/prom
what would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for?	credit card
what would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for?	house/mortgage
what would be the worst thing that you could be turned down for?	"nookie"
what holiday, other than christmas, makes the post office busy?	valentine's day
what holiday, other than christmas, makes the post office busy?	mother's day
what holiday, other than christmas, makes the post office busy?	easter
what's the first thing someone does when they arrive in hawaii?	get welcomed
what's the first thing someone does when they arrive in hawaii?	hit the beach
what's the first thing someone does when they arrive in hawaii?	check in hotel
what's the first thing someone does when they arrive in hawaii?	say aloha
what's the first thing someone does when they arrive in hawaii?	get off plane
which u.s. president do you think has provided comedians with the best material?	bill clinton
which u.s. president do you think has provided comedians with the best material?	george w. bush
which u.s. president do you think has provided comedians with the best material?	ronald reagan
which u.s. president do you think has provided comedians with the best material?	richard nixon
which u.s. president do you think has provided comedians with the best material?	gerald ford
which scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume?	frankenstein
which scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume?	godzilla
which scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume?	king kong
which scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume?	dracula/vampire
which scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume?	jason
which scary movie character would be the hardest to turn into a sexy halloween costume?	freddy krueger
what's the first thing you want when you don't feel well?	sleep/bed rest
what's the first thing you want when you don't feel well?	fluids
what's the first thing you want when you don't feel well?	medicine
what's the first thing you want when you don't feel well?	left alone/quiet
what's the first thing you want when you don't feel well?	mom
what's the first thing you want when you don't feel well?	soup
as a house guest, name something in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use	toilet paper
as a house guest, name something in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use	towels
as a house guest, name something in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use	soap
as a house guest, name something in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use	toothpaste
as a house guest, name something in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use	shampoo
as a house guest, name something in the host's bathroom that you assume you can use	lotion
at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time	drink
at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time	dance
at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time	eat
at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time	watchtv
at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time	introduce yourself
at a party where you dont know anyone how might you pass the time	listen to music
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	on the phone
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	sleeping
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	cleaning
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	bathing
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	using the bathroom
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	reading
according to men: you should never interrupt a women when she is _______ .	driving
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	restaurant
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	hotel
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	store
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	club
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	hospital
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	rehab
at what place might a celebrity get special treatment?	jail
a movie with the word "good" in its title.	goodfellas
a movie with the word "good" in its title.	good will hunting
a movie with the word "good" in its title.	the good...ugly
a movie with the word "good" in its title.	...morning, v'tnam
a movie with the word "good" in its title.	as good as...gets
a movie with the word "good" in its title.	a few good men
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	suvs
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	driving
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	steering
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	cars
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	motoring
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	trucks
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	vans
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	autos
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	automobiles
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	vehicles
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	field
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	football
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	matches
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	hockey
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	baseball
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	soccer
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	golf
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	athletics
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	basketball
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	games
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	track
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	competitions
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	sports
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	wealth
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	money
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	economy
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	riches
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	savings
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	coin
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	currency
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	cash
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	costs
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	finances
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	bills
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	food processor
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	appliances
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	stove
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	fridge
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	toaster
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	refrigerator
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	range
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	oven
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	kitchen appliances
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	dishwasher
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	blender
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	affairs
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	dating
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	romance
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	love
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	directions
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	navigation
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	bearing
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	guidance
according to women: what is something men think they know more about than they do?	destination
besides chocolate chip, name a popular cookie	oreo
besides chocolate chip, name a popular cookie	oatmeal
besides chocolate chip, name a popular cookie	peanut butter
besides chocolate chip, name a popular cookie	sugar
besides chocolate chip, name a popular cookie	vanilla wafers
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	plus
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	equal
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	multiply
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	divide
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	on/off
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	percent
besides numbersname a button on a calculator	minus
besides a ring, name something specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him.	pictures
besides a ring, name something specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him.	jacket
besides a ring, name something specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him.	jewelry
besides a ring, name something specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him.	books
besides a ring, name something specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him.	keys
besides a ring, name something specific a girl might give back to her boyfriend when she dumps him.	love letters
besides a church, name a place where people get married.	wedding chapel
besides a church, name a place where people get married.	park
besdies cigarettes, name something a tobacco store might sell.	cigars
besdies cigarettes, name something a tobacco store might sell.	lighter
besides christmas, name a holiday most people get off from work.	thanksgiving
besides christmas, name a holiday most people get off from work.	labor day
besides a lion, name an animal featured in the lion king.	hyena
besides a lion, name an animal featured in the lion king.	warthog
besides a lion, name an animal featured in the lion king.	baboon
besides a lion, name an animal featured in the lion king.	meerkat
besides a lion, name an animal featured in the lion king.	elephant
besides hotdogs, name something you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart.	soda
besides hotdogs, name something you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart.	condiments
besides hotdogs, name something you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart.	potato chips
besides hotdogs, name something you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart.	buns
besides hotdogs, name something you would find on a hotdog vendor's cart.	pretzels
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church.	wedding
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church.	christmas
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church.	easter
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occassion when you might go to church.	funeral
besides the king, name someone you would probably have seen in a medievel castle.	queen
besides the king, name someone you would probably have seen in a medievel castle.	knight
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	jughead
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	veronica
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	sue
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	edith
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	fredie
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	betty
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	moose
besides archie, name another character from the archie comics.	bom
besides the bride and groom, name the most important person at a wedding.	clergy person
besides the bride and groom, name the most important person at a wedding.	best man
besides the bride and groom, name the most important person at a wedding.	maid of honor
besides a car, name something with wheels that's kept in a garage.	bike
besides a car, name something with wheels that's kept in a garage.	lawn mower
besides a car, name something with wheels that's kept in a garage.	motorcycle
besides a car, name something with wheels that's kept in a garage.	wheelbarrow
besides a house, name something people live in.	home
besides a house, name something people live in.	mobile home
besides a house, name something people live in.	apartment
besides a house, name something people live in.	car
besides a fish, name something you might find at the end of a fishing line.	hook
besides a fish, name something you might find at the end of a fishing line.	lure
besides a fish, name something you might find at the end of a fishing line.	shoes
besides a fish, name something you might find at the end of a fishing line.	worm
besides a fish, name something you might find at the end of a fishing line.	tire
besides a fish, name something you might find at the end of a fishing line.	weeds
besides gifts, name something you buy every christmas.	christmas tree
besides gifts, name something you buy every christmas.	food/sweets
besides gifts, name something you buy every christmas.	cards
besides gifts, name something you buy every christmas.	lights/ornaments
besides gifts, name something you buy every christmas.	gift wrap/boxes
besides gifts, name something you buy every christmas.	mistletoe/plants
besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat.	turkey
besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat.	duck
besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat.	pheasant
besides chicken, tell me a type of bird that's good to eat.	cornish game hen
complete the phrase "state of".	mind
complete the phrase "state of".	the union
complete the phrase "state of".	emergency
complete the phrase "state of".	the art
during a party, name a part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out.	master bedroom
during a party, name a part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out.	bathroom
during a party, name a part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out.	kitchen
during a party, name a part of your house where you wouldn't want to find guests hanging out.	office
do on christmas eve ( wording not exact )	open gifts
do on christmas eve ( wording not exact )	go to church
everyone has a favorite song. name something else everyone has a favorite one of.	color
everyone has a favorite song. name something else everyone has a favorite one of.	food/drink
everyone has a favorite song. name something else everyone has a favorite one of.	movie
everyone has a favorite song. name something else everyone has a favorite one of.	outfit/shoes
everyone has a favorite song. name something else everyone has a favorite one of.	book
for which items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays	toys
for which items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays	electronics
for which items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays	video games
for which items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays	food
for which items do people wait in long lines to purchase at the holidays	clothes
give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad.	tall
give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad.	strong
give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad.	ugly
give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad.	big
give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad.	terrifying
give a word frankenstein would use to describe himself in a personal ad.	monstrous
give me a word that might complete the phrase: the black ____.	hole
give me a word that might complete the phrase: the black ____.	widow
give me a word that might complete the phrase: the black ____.	cat
give me a word that might complete the phrase: the black ____.	sheep
give me a word that might complete the phrase: the black ____.	stallion
give me a word that might complete the phrase: the black ____.	dahlia
give me the name of a store that's in almost every mall in america.	starbucks
give me the name of a store that's in almost every mall in america.	gap
give me the name of a store that's in almost every mall in america.	wal-mart
give me the name of a store that's in almost every mall in america.	macy's
give me the name of a store that's in almost every mall in america.	mcdonald's
give me the name of a store that's in almost every mall in america.	j.c. penney
give me a male name from the bible that's very popular these days.	john
give me a male name from the bible that's very popular these days.	jesus
give me a male name from the bible that's very popular these days.	joseph
give me a male name from the bible that's very popular these days.	moses
give me a male name from the bible that's very popular these days.	david
give me a male name from the bible that's very popular these days.	matthew
give me a word that might complete the phrase "the three..."	three stooges
give me a word that might complete the phrase "the three..."	three musketeers
give me a word that might complete the phrase "the three..."	three little pigs
give me a word that might complete the phrase "the three..."	three bears
give me a word that might complete the phrase "the three..."	three blind mice
give me a word that might complete the phrase "the three..."	three wise men
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	fore
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	par
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	birdie
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	putter
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	eagle
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	hole
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	iron
give me a word you might hear on the golf course:	tee
give me a slang term for money.	cash
give me a slang term for money.	dough
give me a slang term for money.	moolah
give me a slang term for money.	dosh
give me a slang term for money.	bucks
give me a slang term for money.	bread
give me a movie that was based on a book.	harry potter series
give me a movie that was based on a book.	twilight saga
give me a movie that was based on a book.	gone with the wind
give me a movie that was based on a book.	the help
give me a movie that was based on a book.	the hunger games
give me a word or phrase that begins with "heart".	heartache
give me a word or phrase that begins with "heart".	heartbreak
give me a word or phrase that begins with "heart".	heart attack
give me a word or phrase that begins with "heart".	heartfelt
give me a word or phrase that begins with "heart".	heart burn
give me a word or phrase that begins with "heart".	heartthrob
how many days does a cold last?	7
how many days does a cold last?	3
how many days does a cold last?	5
how many days does a cold last?	4
how many days does a cold last?	6
how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only	2
how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only	3
how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only	5
how many times does the average person let a phone ring before answering it numeric only	6
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	30
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	40
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	50
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	60
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	80
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	90
how much do you expect to spend if youre taking a date out for a nice dinner please round to nearest	100
how can you tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping?	tossing and turning
how can you tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping?	talking
how can you tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping?	watching tv
how can you tell that the person who shares your room is having trouble sleeping?	lights on
how many dates should you go on before kissing someone	1
how many dates should you go on before kissing someone	2
how many dates should you go on before kissing someone	3
how many dates should you go on before kissing someone	5
how can you tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip	dirty
how can you tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip	carrying gear
how can you tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip	tired
how can you tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip	bug bites
how can you tell that somebody just got back from a camping trip	tanned
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed	6
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed	7
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed	8
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed	9
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in order to wake up refreshed	10
how many days are too many at the beach?	three
how many days are too many at the beach?	five
how many days are too many at the beach?	two
how many days are too many at the beach?	seven
how many days are too many at the beach?	four
how many days are too many at the beach?	one
how many days are too many at the beach?	ten
how many parties do you throw per year?	zero
how many parties do you throw per year?	two
how many parties do you throw per year?	three
how many parties do you throw per year?	one
how many parties do you throw per year?	four
how many parties do you throw per year?	five
in a secret santa exchange,what "gifts" might you get from an office thief?	stapler
in a secret santa exchange,what "gifts" might you get from an office thief?	pens
in a secret santa exchange,what "gifts" might you get from an office thief?	money
in a secret santa exchange,what "gifts" might you get from an office thief?	paper
in a secret santa exchange,what "gifts" might you get from an office thief?	paper clips
in a secret santa exchange,what "gifts" might you get from an office thief?	computer
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	looks
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	charm
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	wealth
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	sophistication
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	british accent
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	fashion sense
if your husband could get one quality from james bond what would you want it to be	intelligence
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	train tracks
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	tower
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	castle
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	a dark alley
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	basement
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	car
in the movies name a specific place a damsel in distress might get trapped or face danger	elevator
if you loan a car to a friend name something you hope they dont do	wreck it
if you loan a car to a friend name something you hope they dont do	make a mess
if you loan a car to a friend name something you hope they dont do	smoke in it
if you loan a car to a friend name something you hope they dont do	use up the gas
if you could choose, what would be an ideal place to meet your future mate?	place of worship
if you could choose, what would be an ideal place to meet your future mate?	shopping center
if you could choose, what would be an ideal place to meet your future mate?	park
if you could choose, what would be an ideal place to meet your future mate?	work
if you could choose, what would be an ideal place to meet your future mate?	party
if you could have just one chore that someone else would always do for you, what would it be? (more specific than "clean.")	wash dishes
if you could have just one chore that someone else would always do for you, what would it be? (more specific than "clean.")	laundry
if you could have just one chore that someone else would always do for you, what would it be? (more specific than "clean.")	clean toilet
if you could have just one chore that someone else would always do for you, what would it be? (more specific than "clean.")	cooking
if you were a celebrity for a day,name a place or event you'd try to get into.	awards show
if you were a celebrity for a day,name a place or event you'd try to get into.	the white house
if you were a celebrity for a day,name a place or event you'd try to get into.	vip nightclub
if you were a celebrity for a day,name a place or event you'd try to get into.	concert/backstage
if you were a celebrity for a day,name a place or event you'd try to get into.	celebrity party
if you were designing an airport, name something you'd make sure there was a lot of.	bathrooms
if you were designing an airport, name something you'd make sure there was a lot of.	runways
if you were designing an airport, name something you'd make sure there was a lot of.	chairs
if you were designing an airport, name something you'd make sure there was a lot of.	computers
if you were designing an airport, name something you'd make sure there was a lot of.	smoking areas
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, what ingredient might they leave off?	mayo
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, what ingredient might they leave off?	cheese
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, what ingredient might they leave off?	meat
if a health-nut ordered a sandwich, what ingredient might they leave off?	butter
if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look?	on your head
if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look?	table/night stand
if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look?	in the car
if you can't find your eye glasses, where should you look?	purse
if someone is talking too much, what might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet?	food
if someone is talking too much, what might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet?	gum
if someone is talking too much, what might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet?	money
if someone is talking too much, what might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet?	drink
if someone is talking too much, what might you offer them in the hope of keeping them quiet?	reading material
if you were turned into a bird, name something you'd have to learn how to do	fly
if you were turned into a bird, name something you'd have to learn how to do	build a nest
if you were turned into a bird, name something you'd have to learn how to do	eat worms
if you were turned into a bird, name something you'd have to learn how to do	sing
if you were turned into a bird, name something you'd have to learn how to do	avoid cats
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, what job might he be good at?	guarding/security
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, what job might he be good at?	digging holes
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, what job might he be good at?	track people/police
if dog owners demanded fido get a job, what job might he be good at?	deliver papers
its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes	1
its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes	2
its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes	3
its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes	5
its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes	7
its said there is a seven year itch after how many years do you think the itch really comes	10
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,what would customers need to do for themselves?	cook
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,what would customers need to do for themselves?	wash dishes
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,what would customers need to do for themselves?	clear table
if a restaurant had the same rules as your kitchen,what would customers need to do for themselves?	serve
in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working.	6
in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working.	7
in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working.	5
in an 8 hour work day, how many hours does the average person spend working.	4
if you drew homer simpson's name in a secret santa exchange, what would you buy him?	beer
if you drew homer simpson's name in a secret santa exchange, what would you buy him?	donuts
if you drew homer simpson's name in a secret santa exchange, what would you buy him?	bowling ball
if you lived in soap opera land name something that would happen a lot more often	drama/ fights
if you lived in soap opera land name something that would happen a lot more often	suspicious deaths
if you lived in soap opera land name something that would happen a lot more often	love affairs
if you lived in soap opera land name something that would happen a lot more often	romance/ weddings
if you lived in soap opera land name something that would happen a lot more often	break ups/ divorce
if you live in the country name a type of lights that you dont see at night	street lights
if you live in the country name a type of lights that you dont see at night	traffic
if you live in the country name a type of lights that you dont see at night	neon light
in order to solve a crime, what does an investigator need to find?	prints
in order to solve a crime, what does an investigator need to find?	weapon
in order to solve a crime, what does an investigator need to find?	dna
in order to solve a crime, what does an investigator need to find?	suspect
in order to solve a crime, what does an investigator need to find?	blood
if a movie was really terrible, name something you might do in the theater to pass the time.	sleep
if a movie was really terrible, name something you might do in the theater to pass the time.	play on phone
if a movie was really terrible, name something you might do in the theater to pass the time.	visit snackbar
if a movie was really terrible, name something you might do in the theater to pass the time.	whisper
if a movie was really terrible, name something you might do in the theater to pass the time.	kiss
if a movie was really terrible, name something you might do in the theater to pass the time.	read
if you were able to see the future, name a way that you'd be able to make a lot of money.	lottery numbers
if you were able to see the future, name a way that you'd be able to make a lot of money.	betting/horse races
if you were able to see the future, name a way that you'd be able to make a lot of money.	investment
if you were able to see the future, name a way that you'd be able to make a lot of money.	invention
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, what categories would they be rated on?	appearance
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, what categories would they be rated on?	kissing ability
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, what categories would they be rated on?	romance
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, what categories would they be rated on?	kind personality
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, what categories would they be rated on?	communication
if there were prizes for good boyfriends, what categories would they be rated on?	honesty
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, name something he might do to disguise his appearance.	shave
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, name something he might do to disguise his appearance.	lose weight
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, name something he might do to disguise his appearance.	dye his hair
if santa claus had to enter the witness protection program, name something he might do to disguise his appearance.	change clothes
in order to seem like a "regular guy," name a place where a politician might hang out.	bar
in order to seem like a "regular guy," name a place where a politician might hang out.	bowling alley
in order to seem like a "regular guy," name a place where a politician might hang out.	diner
in order to seem like a "regular guy," name a place where a politician might hang out.	rock concert
in order to seem like a "regular guy," name a place where a politician might hang out.	pool hall
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, what would the prize be?	free food
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, what would the prize be?	money
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, what would the prize be?	movie
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, what would the prize be?	pen
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, what would the prize be?	phonecard
if mcdonald's had a happy meal for adults, what would the prize be?	antacid
if you lost your job, name something you'd stop spending money on.	clothes
if you lost your job, name something you'd stop spending money on.	eating out
if you lost your job, name something you'd stop spending money on.	television
if you lost your job, name something you'd stop spending money on.	gasonline
if you lost your job, name something you'd stop spending money on.	movies
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	the lord
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	my kids
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	my mother
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	my sibling
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	my spouse
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	my boss
if your cell phone rings while you're at church, who had better be calling?	the doctor
if you were wearing a swimsuit, name a place you might not be allowed into.	restaurant
if you were wearing a swimsuit, name a place you might not be allowed into.	church
if you were wearing a swimsuit, name a place you might not be allowed into.	mall
if you were wearing a swimsuit, name a place you might not be allowed into.	bar
if you were wearing a swimsuit, name a place you might not be allowed into.	school
if you could pick what you dreamt about what would all of your dreams have a lot of?	passion/love
if you could pick what you dreamt about what would all of your dreams have a lot of?	money
if you could pick what you dreamt about what would all of your dreams have a lot of?	fun/laughter
if animals talked name one that would probably have a really high voice."	cat
if animals talked name one that would probably have a really high voice."	hyena
if animals talked name one that would probably have a really high voice."	bird
if animals talked name one that would probably have a really high voice."	monkey/ape
if animals talked name one that would probably have a really high voice."	giraffe
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	dog
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	squirrel
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	bear
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	cat
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	horse
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	snake
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	raccoon
if you're making love outside, name an animal that might try to get in on the action.	ant/fire ant
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, name something you might do.	sing/rap
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, name something you might do.	dance
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, name something you might do.	tell jokes
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, name something you might do.	play instrument
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, name something you might do.	juggle
if you were called to take part in an amateur contest, name something you might do.	read/poetry
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	eating
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	dressing
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	cooking
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	reading
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	bathing
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	washroom
if a coal miner lived in a mine, name something he would have to get used to doing in the dark.	bathroom
if barbie aged like the rest of us name a way that she'd look different now.	wrinkles
if barbie aged like the rest of us name a way that she'd look different now.	heavier
if barbie aged like the rest of us name a way that she'd look different now.	gray hair
if barbie aged like the rest of us name a way that she'd look different now.	sagging chest
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, name something he might tell him he wanted for christmas.	car
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, name something he might tell him he wanted for christmas.	wife
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, name something he might tell him he wanted for christmas.	tools
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, name something he might tell him he wanted for christmas.	teeth
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, name something he might tell him he wanted for christmas.	television
if a grown man sat on santa's knee, name something he might tell him he wanted for christmas.	money
in art class, name something a kid might use cotton balls to make.	snowman
in art class, name something a kid might use cotton balls to make.	clouds
in art class, name something a kid might use cotton balls to make.	rabbit
in art class, name something a kid might use cotton balls to make.	sheep
in art class, name something a kid might use cotton balls to make.	santa's beard
if you could be fearless for one day name the first thing you'd do.	sky dive
if you could be fearless for one day name the first thing you'd do.	fly a plane
if you could be fearless for one day name the first thing you'd do.	bungee jump
if you could be fearless for one day name the first thing you'd do.	drive racecar
if women are born to shop, what are men born to do?	work/make money
if women are born to shop, what are men born to do?	watch tv/sports
if women are born to shop, what are men born to do?	drink/eat
if women are born to shop, what are men born to do?	shop/spend money
if women are born to shop, what are men born to do?	sleep/lounge
if women are born to shop, what are men born to do?	flirt/cheat
in what u.s. city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists?	new york
in what u.s. city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists?	washington dc
in what u.s. city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists?	boston
in what u.s. city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists?	los angeles
in what u.s. city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists?	berkeley
in what u.s. city do you find the greatest number of brilliant scientists?	seattle
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	survey says
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	good answer
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	name something
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	#1 answer
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	strike
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	let's play feud
if you were the host of "family feud", name something you'd probably have to say a lot.	show me
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd give up.	work
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd give up.	telephone
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd give up.	tv
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd give up.	bills
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd give up.	eating
if you got mad like the incredible hulk what part of your day would turn you into a monster?	shopping/lines
if you got mad like the incredible hulk what part of your day would turn you into a monster?	work
if you got mad like the incredible hulk what part of your day would turn you into a monster?	driving
if you got mad like the incredible hulk what part of your day would turn you into a monster?	cleaning
if you got mad like the incredible hulk what part of your day would turn you into a monster?	paying bills
if batman got put in jail, name the last person he woud call to bail him out.	joker
if batman got put in jail, name the last person he woud call to bail him out.	penguin
if batman got put in jail, name the last person he woud call to bail him out.	catwoman
if batman got put in jail, name the last person he woud call to bail him out.	riddler
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep, name the first thing you might do.	eat
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep, name the first thing you might do.	go to bathroom
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep, name the first thing you might do.	take shower
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep, name the first thing you might do.	watch tv
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep, name the first thing you might do.	date
if you woke up from a 20 year sleep, name the first thing you might do.	find family
if you needed to borrow one million dollars, name someone famous who you think might give it to you.	oprah winfrey
if you needed to borrow one million dollars, name someone famous who you think might give it to you.	bill gates
if you needed to borrow one million dollars, name someone famous who you think might give it to you.	donald trump
if you needed to borrow one million dollars, name someone famous who you think might give it to you.	angelina jolie
if you needed to borrow one million dollars, name someone famous who you think might give it to you.	brad pitt
if you needed to borrow one million dollars, name someone famous who you think might give it to you.	barack obama
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	dog
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	pig
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	(feral) cat
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	dead/fish
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	cheetah
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	gorilla
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	tiger
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	cow
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	hippo
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	lion
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	cougar
(married guys): the good news is your wife's an animal in bed. the bad news is the animal's a what?	porcupine
name a weather condition that is 4 letters long	snow
name a weather condition that is 4 letters long	rain
name a weather condition that is 4 letters long	cold
name a weather condition that is 4 letters long	wind
name a weather condition that is 4 letters long	hail
name a type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of.	soap opera
name a type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of.	cartoons
name a type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of.	talk show
name a type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of.	game show
name a type of tv show a man might be embarrassed to say he watches a lot of.	wrestling
name a way people choose the lottery numbers they play.	birthdates
name a way people choose the lottery numbers they play.	quick pick
name a way people choose the lottery numbers they play.	social security
name a way people choose the lottery numbers they play.	random
name a way people choose the lottery numbers they play.	dreams
name an animal that a person with large teeth resemble.	beaver
name an animal that a person with large teeth resemble.	horse
name an animal that a person with large teeth resemble.	rabbit
name an animal that a person with large teeth resemble.	tiger/lion
name an animal that a person with large teeth resemble.	donkey
name something people catch.	illness
name something people catch.	fish
name something people catch.	balls
name something people catch.	bouquet
name the softest thing in a baby's room.	blanket
name the softest thing in a baby's room.	stuffed animal
name the softest thing in a baby's room.	pillow
name the softest thing in a baby's room.	baby's skin
name something kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse	drink
name something kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse	snack
name something kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse	another story
name something kids often ask for before bed that their parents refuse	tv/ movies
name something a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail	tape
name something a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail	tack
name something a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail	glue
name something a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail	gum
name something a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail	string
name something a resourceful person might use to hang a picture if they didnt have a nail	hanger
name something people get trapped in	relationship
name something people get trapped in	elevator
name something people get trapped in	lies
name something people get trapped in	car
name something people get trapped in	debt
name something people get trapped in	traffic
name something people get trapped in	cave
name something you might bite, but wouldn't eat.	fingernail/finger
name something you might bite, but wouldn't eat.	tongue/lip
name something you might bite, but wouldn't eat.	partner's neck
name something you might bite, but wouldn't eat.	pen/pencil
name something you might bite, but wouldn't eat.	plastic/wrapper
name something you might bite, but wouldn't eat.	glasses
name a fact that most residents don't know about their own state	population
name a fact that most residents don't know about their own state	state flower
name a fact that most residents don't know about their own state	state bird
name a fact that most residents don't know about their own state	size
name a store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise.	jewelry store
name a store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise.	macys
name a store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise.	neman marcus
name a store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise.	bloomingdales
name a store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise.	department store
name a store or type of store that sells expensive merchandise.	lord & taylor
name an appliance you have only one of.	toaster
name an appliance you have only one of.	stove
name an appliance you have only one of.	microwave
name an appliance you have only one of.	refrigerator
name an appliance you have only one of.	dishwasher
name something shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair.	adds shine
name something shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair.	cleans it
name something shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair.	makes it grow faster
name something shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair.	increases volume
name something shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair.	smooths/softens it
name something shampoo commercials claim their shampoo does for hair.	makes it healthier
name a decision that people dont make lightly	marriage
name a decision that people dont make lightly	divorce
name a decision that people dont make lightly	buying a house
name a decision that people dont make lightly	having kids
name a decision that people dont make lightly	accepting a job
name something you need to eat before it melts.	ice cream
name something you need to eat before it melts.	chocolate
name something you need to eat before it melts.	popsicle
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	package
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	mail
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	furniture
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	cars
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	appliances
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	milk
name something that gets delivered by trucks.	food
name someone specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page	parent
name someone specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page	boss
name someone specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page	ex
name someone specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page	partner
name someone specific who you wouldnt want viewing your facebook page	kids
name a profession that someone may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl.	doctor
name a profession that someone may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl.	lawyer
name a profession that someone may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl.	actor
name a profession that someone may lie about having just to impress a guy or girl.	police officer
name a subject in school that would have helped santa do his job?	math
name a subject in school that would have helped santa do his job?	geography
name a subject in school that would have helped santa do his job?	wood shop
name a subject in school that would have helped santa do his job?	reading/spelling
name something that is smaller in europe than in the us.	cars
name something that is smaller in europe than in the us.	waistlines
name something that is smaller in europe than in the us.	countries
name something that is smaller in europe than in the us.	house size
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	pasta
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	pizza
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	chicken strips
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	shrimp
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	steak
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	fish
name a food that usually comes with a particular sauce	french fries
name a good material for a winter coat.	wool
name a good material for a winter coat.	fleece
name an animal with a terrifying bite	snake
name an animal with a terrifying bite	dog
name an animal with a terrifying bite	shark
name an animal with a terrifying bite	lion
name an animal with a terrifying bite	tiger
name an animal with a terrifying bite	alligator
name an animal with a terrifying bite	bear
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	smile
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	talk/answer questions
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	say thank you
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	introduce yourself
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	bring resume
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	shake hands
name something you'd hate to forget to do during a job interview?	ask about salary
name something secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do.	type
name something secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do.	use a computer
name something secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do.	take shorthand
name something secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do.	make copies
name something secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do.	make coffee
name something secretaries might be embarrassed to say they don't know how to do.	file
name a job where employees must get tired arms	construction
name a job where employees must get tired arms	movers
name a job where employees must get tired arms	parcle delivery
name a job where employees must get tired arms	hair dresser
name a job where employees must get tired arms	traffic cop
name a job where employees must get tired arms	food server
name something about her infant son that a new mother talks about often.	sleep schedule
name something about her infant son that a new mother talks about often.	crying
name something about her infant son that a new mother talks about often.	how cute
name something about her infant son that a new mother talks about often.	feeding
name something about her infant son that a new mother talks about often.	changing diapers
name something about her infant son that a new mother talks about often.	weight
name something ugly that can grow on your feet	corn
name something ugly that can grow on your feet	athletes foot
name something ugly that can grow on your feet	wart
name something ugly that can grow on your feet	bunion
name something ugly that can grow on your feet	ingrown toenail
name something that you would find washed up on a beach	shells
name something that you would find washed up on a beach	whale
name something that you would find washed up on a beach	message in a bottle
name something that you would find washed up on a beach	seaweed
name something that you would find washed up on a beach	trash
name something people do to their body that other people think is crazy.	pierce
name something people do to their body that other people think is crazy.	tatoo
name something people do to their body that other people think is crazy.	tan
name something people do to their body that other people think is crazy.	shave their head
name something about a person that might be described as funky	hair
name something about a person that might be described as funky	smell
name something about a person that might be described as funky	clothes
name something about a person that might be described as funky	dancing
name a reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route.	dogs
name a reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route.	rain
name a reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route.	heat
name a reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route.	bad weather
name a reason a mailman might have a bad day on his route.	too much mail
name a term for someone who isn't very generous.	stingy
name a term for someone who isn't very generous.	tightwad
name a term for someone who isn't very generous.	cheap
name a term for someone who isn't very generous.	greedy
name something on everyone's driver's license.	birth date
name something on everyone's driver's license.	name
name a reason why a kid might not trickortreat	scared
name a reason why a kid might not trickortreat	sick
name a reason why a kid might not trickortreat	too old/young
name a reason why a kid might not trickortreat	no costume
name a reason why a kid might not trickortreat	bad weather
name a public place where you undress	dressing room/store
name a public place where you undress	beach/pool
name a public place where you undress	restroom
name a public place where you undress	locker room
name a public place where you undress	doctor's office
name something you might have to wait for a while on an airplane?	food
name something you might have to wait for a while on an airplane?	drink
name something you might have to wait for a while on an airplane?	bathroom
name something you might have to wait for a while on an airplane?	take off
name something you might have to wait for a while on an airplane?	landing
name something you might have to wait for a while on an airplane?	late passenger
name a drink people put ice in.	tea
name a drink people put ice in.	soda
name a drink people put ice in.	alcohol
name a drink people put ice in.	water
name a drink people put ice in.	juice
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	stephen king
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	edgar allan poe
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	hp lovecraft
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	r.l.stine
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	anne rice
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	dean koontz
name the author living or dead who writes the scariest stories.	poppy z brite
name the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus	janitor
name the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus	clown
name the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus	lion tamer
name the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus	human cannon ball
name the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus	tight rope walker
name the job you wouldn't want to have if you worked at the circus	elephant trainer
name something that's "as american as apple pie."	baseball
name something that's "as american as apple pie."	flag
name something that's "as american as apple pie."	hamburger
name something that's "as american as apple pie."	chevrolet
name something that's "as american as apple pie."	jeans
name a department store where people shop during the holidays.	wal-mart
name a department store where people shop during the holidays.	macys
name something you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant.	dogs
name something you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant.	leash
name something you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant.	poop
name something you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant.	collar/tag
name something you'd see at a dog show, but not at a beauty pageant.	trainers
name a reason you might dread going to a new years party at a club	crowded
name a reason you might dread going to a new years party at a club	no date
name a reason you might dread going to a new years party at a club	don't drink
name something a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving.	put toilet paper on it
name something a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving.	curse
name something a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving.	put bandaid on it
name something a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving.	says ouch
name something a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving.	let it bleed
name something a man might do if he nicks himself while shaving.	put alcohol on it
name a legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo.	big foot
name a legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo.	king kong
name a legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo.	godzilla
name a legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo.	dragon
name a legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo.	unicorn
name a legendary creature that would be a huge hit if featured at the zoo.	loch ness monster
name something that people are bound to do in las vegas	gamble
name something that people are bound to do in las vegas	drink
name something that people are bound to do in las vegas	get married
name something that people are bound to do in las vegas	see a show
name something that people are bound to do in las vegas	shop
name something that people are bound to do in las vegas	eat too much
name a type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life	top hat
name a type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life	cowboy hat
name a type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life	fedora
name a type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life	straw hat
name a type of hat that you dont see many people wear in real life	beret
name something you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car.	lay down
name something you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car.	make love
name something you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car.	stand up
name something you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car.	fit more people
name something you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car.	haul stuff
name something you can do in a van that you can't do in a sports car.	watch tv
name a feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago	remote control
name a feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago	color
name a feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago	video player
name a feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago	video jacks
name a feature tv sets have today that they didn't have 50 years ago	cable
name something red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie.	blood
name something red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie.	tomato sauce
name something red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie.	pizza
name something red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie.	table cloth
name something red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie.	pepperoni
name something red in the pizza parlor of a mafia movie.	wine
name something that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment	get married
name something that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment	go on vacation
name something that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment	have a baby
name something that some people plan for months, and others do spur of the moment	party
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	jeans
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	bikini
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	birthday suit
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	shorts
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	underwear
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	sweats
name something youd be shocked to see a celebrity wear on the red carpet	sneakers
name something you might do after a bad restaurant experience	complain
name something you might do after a bad restaurant experience	get sick
name something you might do after a bad restaurant experience	never return
name something you might do after a bad restaurant experience	bad tip
name something you might do after a bad restaurant experience	tell friends
name something you might do after a bad restaurant experience	bad review
name something a king would hate to be without.	queen
name something a king would hate to be without.	crown
name something a king would hate to be without.	his kingdom
name something a king would hate to be without.	throne
name something a king would hate to be without.	servents
name something a king would hate to be without.	fool
name something a king would hate to be without.	subjects
name a famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you	kevorkian
name a famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you	jekyll
name a famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you	suess
name a famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you	dolittle
name a famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you	spock
name a famous doctor real or imaginary living or dead you would not want to operate on you	dre
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holiday	mother in law
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holiday	aunt
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holiday	cousin
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holiday	mom
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holiday	ex spouse
name a relative you'd rather not see during the holiday	uncle
name something a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk	stairs
name something a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk	door
name something a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk	swimming pool
name something a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk	cabinets
name something a parent might put a lock or gate on once their baby learns to walk	crib
name something a gardener might use on the job.	lawn mower
name something a gardener might use on the job.	hoe
name something a gardener might use on the job.	shovel
name something a gardener might use on the job.	hose
name something a gardener might use on the job.	rake
name something a gardener might use on the job.	edger
name something warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet	soup
name something warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet	meat
name something warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet	bread
name something warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet	pizza
name something warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet	pasta
name something warm served at an allyoucan eat buffet	coffee/tea
name something that may be found washed up on the beach	sea shells
name something that may be found washed up on the beach	seaweed
name something that may be found washed up on the beach	bottle
name something that may be found washed up on the beach	whale
name something that may be found washed up on the beach	garbage
name something that may be found washed up on the beach	shoes
name a cliche people say about beauty?	only skin deep
name a cliche people say about beauty?	in eye of beholder
name a cliche people say about beauty?	it fades
name a cliche people say about beauty?	it's on the inside
name a cliche people say about beauty?	all beauty no brains
name a cliche people say about beauty?	gets you further
name something a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year	buy flowers
name something a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year	open doors
name something a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year	kiss
name something a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year	hold hands
name something a man might do in the beginning of a relationship that he wont do after about a year	be nice
name a kind of ticket people wait in line to buy	concert
name a kind of ticket people wait in line to buy	movie
name a kind of ticket people wait in line to buy	amusement park
name a kind of ticket people wait in line to buy	sports
name a kind of ticket people wait in line to buy	theatre
name something you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room	short wait
name something you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room	good news
name something you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room	tv
name something you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room	magazine
name something you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room	food/drink
name something you wish for while waiting for the doctor in an exam room	pain meds
name something the stars eat that you probably would not find in middle america.	sushi
name something the stars eat that you probably would not find in middle america.	caviar
name an occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours.	doctor
name an occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours.	lawyer
name an occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours.	c.e.o.
name an occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours.	banker
name an occupation that thinks their time is more important than yours.	police officer
name a phrase that begins with the word "double."	trouble
name a phrase that begins with the word "double."	jeopardy
name a phrase that begins with the word "double."	dutch
name a phrase that begins with the word "double."	dare
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	donut
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	bagel
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	granola bar
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	toast
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	pop tart
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	muffin
name something you might eat for breakfast in the car on your way to work.	fruit
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	driver
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	construction
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	police officer
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	food service
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	glass maker
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	window washer
name a bad job for someone whos accident prone	surgeon
name something kids might tell santa in a letter to him	wish list
name something kids might tell santa in a letter to him	been good
name something kids might tell santa in a letter to him	leave him cookies
name something kids might tell santa in a letter to him	name
name something kids might tell santa in a letter to him	age
name something kids might tell santa in a letter to him	address
name something considerate that people often do for you in an elevator	hold door
name something considerate that people often do for you in an elevator	push button
name something considerate that people often do for you in an elevator	move over
name something that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on	sequins
name something that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on	feathers
name something that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on	name
name something that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on	beads
name something that a las vegas entertainers outfit would have sewn on	jewels
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	key chain
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	keyhole
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	keyboard
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	house key
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	door key
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	keystone
name a word or phrase that has the word key in it	keynote
name something you look forward to getting in the mail	paycheck
name something you look forward to getting in the mail	package
name something you look forward to getting in the mail	birthday cards
name something you look forward to getting in the mail	letters
name a heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store.	bull
name a heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store.	elephant
name a heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store.	bear
name a heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store.	lion
name a heavy animal that a china shop owner wouldn't let into their store.	giraffe
name a good gift for someone who is always late.	watch
name a good gift for someone who is always late.	alarm clock
name a good gift for someone who is always late.	calendar
name a part of you that looks different when you're sick	skin
name a part of you that looks different when you're sick	eyes
name a part of you that looks different when you're sick	nose
name a part of you that looks different when you're sick	hair
name the worst job for someone with allergies.	gardener/landscaper
name the worst job for someone with allergies.	veterinarian
name the worst job for someone with allergies.	florist
name the worst job for someone with allergies.	pet groomer
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	flying reindeer
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	generosity
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	works once a year
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	world travel
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	paid in cookies
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	fancy sleigh
name something about his job that santa claus might brag about	efficiency
name a food many people have in their freezer right now	ice cream
name a food many people have in their freezer right now	beef
name a food many people have in their freezer right now	chicken
name a food many people have in their freezer right now	pizza
name a food many people have in their freezer right now	hot dogs
name a food many people have in their freezer right now	vegetables
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	bambi
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	lion king
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	cinderella
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	fox & the hound
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	finding nemo
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	beauty & the beast
name a cartoon movie that makes you cry even as an adult	dumbo
name something about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent.	crying
name something about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent.	diapers
name something about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent.	expensive
name something about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent.	sleepless nights
name something about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent.	college tuition
name something about babies that makes you think twice about becoming a parent.	kids grow up
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	soup
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	french fries
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	cereal
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	ice cream
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	pizza
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	hamburger
name a food you wouldn't eat with a fork.	chicken
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	chocolate/ fudge
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	sprinkles
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	strawberry
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	nuts
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	cherry
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	caramel
name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have	whipped cream
name something guests do at a wedding	dance
name something guests do at a wedding	drink
name something guests do at a wedding	eat
name something guests do at a wedding	cry
name something guests do at a wedding	chat
name something guests do at a wedding	throw rice
name something guests do at a wedding	toast the couple
name something people in the s thought we would have by the year	flying cars
name something people in the s thought we would have by the year	time travel
name something people in the s thought we would have by the year	robots
name something people in the s thought we would have by the year	spaceships
name something that is personalized	license plate
name something that is personalized	watch/jewelry
name something that is personalized	polio/work shirt
name something that is personalized	towel set
name something that is personalized	luggage tag
name something specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman	dress
name something specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman	wig
name something specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman	bra
name something specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman	high heels
name something specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman	lipstick
name something specific you'd wear if you wanted to impersonate a woman	panty hose
name something that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth	eat
name something that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth	talk
name something that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth	kiss
name something that would be hard to do if you didnt have a mouth	drink
name a common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago	tv
name a common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago	dishwasher
name a common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago	phone
name a common household item that was a luxury to have 50 years ago	washing machine
name a unit of currency that's used in a foreign country	euros
name a unit of currency that's used in a foreign country	pound
name a unit of currency that's used in a foreign country	yen
name a unit of currency that's used in a foreign country	pesos
name a unit of currency that's used in a foreign country	francs
name a unit of currency that's used in a foreign country	rupees
name an occasion where you might send out invitations.	wedding
name an occasion where you might send out invitations.	birthday
name an occasion where you might send out invitations.	party
name an occasion where you might send out invitations.	graduation
name an occasion where you might send out invitations.	baby shower
name a reason you might skip lunch	not hungry
name a reason you might skip lunch	too busy
name a reason you might skip lunch	on a diet
name a reason you might skip lunch	work/meeting
name a reason you might skip lunch	sick
name someplace you might hear an echo	cave
name someplace you might hear an echo	canyon
name someplace you might hear an echo	hallway
name someplace you might hear an echo	phone booth
name someplace you might hear an echo	mountain
name someplace you might hear an echo	bathroom
name something you would find in a weather forecaster's closet.	umbrella
name something you would find in a weather forecaster's closet.	3 piece suit
name something you would find in a weather forecaster's closet.	rain jacket
name something you would find in a weather forecaster's closet.	winter coat
name something you would find in a weather forecaster's closet.	map
name something you would find in a weather forecaster's closet.	pointer
name something you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah	fighting
name something you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah	nudity
name something you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah	security
name something you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah	jerry springer
name something you would see on jerry springer but not on oprah	chairs thrown
name something that tastes good with mustard	hot dogs
name something that tastes good with mustard	hamburger
name something that tastes good with mustard	french fries
name something that tastes good with mustard	corn dogs
name something that tastes good with mustard	ketchup
name something that tastes good with mustard	hot pretzel
name something that tastes good with mustard	ham
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy.	cowboy hat
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy.	coyboy boots
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy.	toy gun
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy.	chaps
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress up like a cowboy.	spurs
name something that comes with a hood	coat
name something that comes with a hood	car
name something that comes with a hood	sweatshirt
name something that comes with a hood	cape
name something you might lose as you get older.	memory
name something you might lose as you get older.	hair
name something football players wear for protection.	helmet
name something football players wear for protection.	cup
name something football players wear for protection.	shoulder pads
name something football players wear for protection.	knee pads
name something football players wear for protection.	mouth guard
name something you eat by the handful. (be specific candy is not an answer.)	popcorn
name something you eat by the handful. (be specific candy is not an answer.)	nuts
name something you eat by the handful. (be specific candy is not an answer.)	m&m
name something you eat by the handful. (be specific candy is not an answer.)	potato chips
name something you eat by the handful. (be specific candy is not an answer.)	chocolate
name something you eat by the handful. (be specific candy is not an answer.)	jelly bean
name a fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe	orange
name a fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe	peach
name a fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe	melon
name a fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe	tomato
name a fruit that you squeeze to see if its ripe	lemon
name something a teenager has a lot of.	friends
name something a teenager has a lot of.	clothes
name something a teenager has a lot of.	free time
name something a teenager has a lot of.	acne
name something a teenager has a lot of.	music
name something a teenager has a lot of.	emotions
name an ingredient that tacos would be no good without.	meat
name an ingredient that tacos would be no good without.	cheese
name an ingredient that tacos would be no good without.	salsa
name an ingredient that tacos would be no good without.	lettuce
name something some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans	sweater
name something some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans	shirt
name something some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans	coat
name something some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans	shoes
name something some pets wear although its usually only worn by humans	jewelry
name something about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears.	can talk
name something about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears.	wears a shirt
name something about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears.	he's yellow/orange
name something about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears.	has hunny' jar
name something about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears.	friends with people
name something about winnie the pooh that is different from real bears.	gentle
name an animal that travels in groups.	birds
name an animal that travels in groups.	wolves
name an animal that travels in groups.	fish
name an animal that travels in groups.	lions
name an animal that travels in groups.	elephant
name an animal that travels in groups.	deer
name a time when you should not send a text message to your love interest	at work
name a time when you should not send a text message to your love interest	midnight
name a time when you should not send a text message to your love interest	while driving
name a time when you should not send a text message to your love interest	when mad
name a time when you should not send a text message to your love interest	after drinking
name a type of footwear that doesn't have laces.	sandals
name a type of footwear that doesn't have laces.	slippers
name a type of footwear that doesn't have laces.	loafers
name a type of footwear that doesn't have laces.	boots
name a type of footwear that doesn't have laces.	clogs
name a type of footwear that doesn't have laces.	heels
name a public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual.	beach
name a public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual.	pool
name a public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual.	nightclub
name a public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual.	spa
name a public place where you might be spotted wearing less clothing than usual.	gym
name something your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met.	weight
name something your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met.	age
name something your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met.	date of last cycle
name something your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met.	high blood pressure
name something your physician asks that would be strange to ask a person who you just met.	are you pregnant
name a reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend.	nervous
name a reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend.	no money
name a reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend.	not ready
name a reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend.	unsure
name a reason why a man might delay proposing to his girlfriend.	someone else
name someone who wears white clothes	nurse
name someone who wears white clothes	doctor
name someone who wears white clothes	bride
name someone who wears white clothes	chef
name someone who wears white clothes	dentist
name someone who wears white clothes	painter
name someone who wears white clothes	ice cream vendor
name something a fan might collect from their favorite singer	autograph
name something a fan might collect from their favorite singer	albums
name something a fan might collect from their favorite singer	hair
name something a fan might collect from their favorite singer	posters
name something a fan might collect from their favorite singer	photos
name something a fan might collect from their favorite singer	t shirt
name something your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage	love
name something your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage	trust
name something your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage	healthy love life
name something your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage	communication
name something your mom told you was the key to a happy marriage	compromise
name something you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam.	wash hands
name something you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam.	put gloves on
name something you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam.	gone to school
name something you hope your dentist has done before he starts his exam.	sterilized equipment
name something people bet on	horses races
name something people bet on	sports
name something people bet on	card games
name something the sign outside a hotel might tell you	vacancy
name something the sign outside a hotel might tell you	nightly rate
name something the sign outside a hotel might tell you	hotel's name
name something the sign outside a hotel might tell you	no smoking
name something the sign outside a hotel might tell you	cable tv
name something that expands in the microwave.	popcorn bag
name something that expands in the microwave.	bread
name something that expands in the microwave.	hot dog
name something that expands in the microwave.	plastic
name something that expands in the microwave.	marshmellow
name one of the gifts from the song "the twelve days of christmas"	partridge
name one of the gifts from the song "the twelve days of christmas"	gold rings
name one of the gifts from the song "the twelve days of christmas"	turtle dove
name something annoying that cats do.	meow
name something annoying that cats do.	scratch
name something annoying that cats do.	lick themselves
name something annoying that cats do.	shed
name something annoying that cats do.	bite
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	ketchup
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	salt
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	extra cheese
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	pepper
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	hot dogs
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	tuna
name an extra something you add to your mac and cheese to make it more satisfying	ham
name something kids dissect in science class	frog
name something kids dissect in science class	worm
name something kids dissect in science class	pig
name something kids dissect in science class	rodent
name something you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see	pop a zit
name something you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see	look at your body
name something you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see	dance
name something you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see	undress
name something you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see	pluck eyebrows
name something you do in front of a mirror you wouldnt want anyone to see	clip nose hairs
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	walking
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	driving
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	using bathroom
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	eating
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	paying bills
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	dressing
name something most parents cant wait until their child starts doing on his own	laundry
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	money
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	passport
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	luggage
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	cellphone
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	id/ license
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	keys
name the worst thing to lose while on vacation	the kids
name something cats can chase all day	nice
name something cats can chase all day	tail
name something cats can chase all day	ball of yarn
name something cats can chase all day	birds
name something cats can chase all day	toy/ball
name an occupation in which one spends his day cutting.	barber
name an occupation in which one spends his day cutting.	butcher
name an occupation in which one spends his day cutting.	gardener
name an occupation in which one spends his day cutting.	tailor
name an occupation in which one spends his day cutting.	lumberjack
name an occupation in which one spends his day cutting.	carpenter
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	ice cream
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	applesauce
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	pudding
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	peanut butter
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	jell o
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	mashed potatoes
name a food that a parent might hide their childs pill in to get them to swallow it	yogurt
name a talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with	singing
name a talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with	dancing
name a talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with	drawing
name a talent that can't be learned, but that you must be born with	sports
name something that might get you to watch a new tv show	advertisement
name something that might get you to watch a new tv show	stars
name something that might get you to watch a new tv show	appears funny
name something that might get you to watch a new tv show	win money
name something that might get you to watch a new tv show	different
name something peoiple subscribe to by month	magazine
name something peoiple subscribe to by month	newspaper
name something peoiple subscribe to by month	cable
name something peoiple subscribe to by month	gym
name something peoiple subscribe to by month	internet
name a sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long.	siren
name a sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long.	horn
name a sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long.	music
name a sound that gives you a headache if you hear it for too long.	screaming baby
name something people need good posture to do.	model
name something people need good posture to do.	dance
name something people need good posture to do.	walk confidently
name something people need good posture to do.	type
name something people need good posture to do.	play piano
name something people need good posture to do.	yoga
name something that has a tip	pen/pencil
name something that has a tip	restaurant server
name something that has a tip	finger
name something that has a tip	nose
name something that has a tip	needle/pin
name something that has a tip	q tip
name something that has a tip	dart/arrow
name the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date	produce
name the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date	meat
name the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date	frozen food
name the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date	bakery
name the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date	check out
name the best part of the grocery store to pick up a date	dairy section
name something parents photograph their baby doing for the first time.	walking
name something parents photograph their baby doing for the first time.	smiling
name something parents photograph their baby doing for the first time.	eating
name something parents photograph their baby doing for the first time.	taking a bath
name something parents photograph their baby doing for the first time.	crawling
name something parents photograph their baby doing for the first time.	sleeping
name a job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age	actor
name a job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age	model
name a job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age	dancer
name a job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age	firefighter
name a job that a man may have that makes him a sex symbol even into old age	president
name something people do when they want to look better. (makeover is not an answer, be more specific)	change hair
name something people do when they want to look better. (makeover is not an answer, be more specific)	diet
name something people do when they want to look better. (makeover is not an answer, be more specific)	put on makeup
name something people do when they want to look better. (makeover is not an answer, be more specific)	plastic surgery
name something people do when they want to look better. (makeover is not an answer, be more specific)	exercise
name something people do when they want to look better. (makeover is not an answer, be more specific)	clean up
name something thats hard to get over	breakup
name something thats hard to get over	death
name something thats hard to get over	fence
name something thats hard to get over	virus
name something thats hard to get over	mountain
name someone who might wear a lab coat.	doctor
name someone who might wear a lab coat.	scientist
name someone who might wear a lab coat.	nurse
name something you never quite believed about the brady bunch	always happy
name something you never quite believed about the brady bunch	never fight
name something you never quite believed about the brady bunch	shared one bathroom
name something you never quite believed about the brady bunch	so many kids
name something that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult.	chicken pox
name something that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult.	cavity/pulled tooth
name something that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult.	braces
name something that kids are bummed to get, but is worse to get as an adult.	acne
name something every woman should take with her on a blind date	cell phone
name something every woman should take with her on a blind date	money
name something every woman should take with her on a blind date	mace
name something every woman should take with her on a blind date	own transportation
name something every woman should take with her on a blind date	friend
name an occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected	police officer
name an occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected	teacher
name an occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected	judge
name an occupation that youd be in trouble if you disrespected	politician
name something baseball players do while they're in the dugout	spit
name something baseball players do while they're in the dugout	yell
name something you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse	big ears
name something you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse	higher pitch voice
name something you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse	costume
name something you'd need if you were going to impersonate mickey mouse	tail
name a specific bowl game that takes place during the holidays.	rose bowl
name a specific bowl game that takes place during the holidays.	super bowl
name a place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing	under seat
name a place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing	glove box
name a place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing	console
name a place in your car that you are likely to find something thats gone missing	trunk
name a job where it would be okay to yell at work	construction
name a job where it would be okay to yell at work	sports
name a job where it would be okay to yell at work	teacher
name a job where it would be okay to yell at work	police
name a job where it would be okay to yell at work	stock broker
name a job where it would be okay to yell at work	auctioneer
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	ally mcbeal
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	oprah winfrey
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	roseanne
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	rosie o'donnell
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	murphy brown
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	i love lucy
name a tv show past or present that has a womans name in the title	will & grace
name something teachers give their students.	homework
name something teachers give their students.	grades
name something teachers give their students.	tests
name something teachers give their students.	knowledge
name something teachers give their students.	stickers
name something teachers give their students.	encouragement
name something teachers give their students.	candy
name a place where you might see a bear.	woods
name a place where you might see a bear.	zoo
name a place where you might see a bear.	national park
name a place where you might see a bear.	mountains
name a famous robert who many women consider handsome	robert redford
name a famous robert who many women consider handsome	robert de niro
name a famous robert who many women consider handsome	robert kennedy
name an occupation in which you might adopt a fake name	detective
name an occupation in which you might adopt a fake name	actor
name an occupation in which you might adopt a fake name	dancer
name an occupation in which you might adopt a fake name	musician
name something that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered	pasta
name something that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered	soup
name something that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered	chili
name something that would be very messy if you put it in the microwave uncovered	eggs
name something you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test	alcohol
name something you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test	beans
name something you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test	onions
name something you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test	garlic
name something you shouldn't have for lunch right before a driving test	leaving things
name a reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse	running water
name a reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse	cleaner
name a reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse	inside
name a reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse	no smell
name a reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse	heated
name a reason your bathroom is better than an outhouse	flush toilet
name something people remove from their lawn.	weeds
name something people remove from their lawn.	dog poop
name something people remove from their lawn.	grass
name something people remove from their lawn.	leaves
name something people remove from their lawn.	bugs
name something people remove from their lawn.	trash
name the first bill you pay each month?	rent
name the first bill you pay each month?	mortgage
name the first bill you pay each month?	utilities
name the first bill you pay each month?	car payment
name the first bill you pay each month?	phone
name the first bill you pay each month?	credit
name a profession that's only successful if people are laughing at them.	comedian
name a profession that's only successful if people are laughing at them.	clown
name a profession that's only successful if people are laughing at them.	sports mascot
name a celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery	joan rivers
name a celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery	pamela anderson
name a celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery	cher
name a celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery	dolly parton
name a celebrity who youre pretty sure has had plastic surgery	michael jackson
name something who uses a gun	police
name something who uses a gun	criminal
name something who uses a gun	hunter
name something who uses a gun	dirty harry
name something a kid might do to get out of taking a bath	cry/tantrum
name something a kid might do to get out of taking a bath	go to bed
name something a kid might do to get out of taking a bath	fake sickness
name something a kid might do to get out of taking a bath	run
name something a kid might do to get out of taking a bath	hide
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	clean
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	lock door
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	pat rent
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	flush toilet
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	turn off lights
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	shower/bathe
name something that would be annoying for your roommate to forget to do.	take out the trash
name a specific way people might enter a swimming pool	dive
name a specific way people might enter a swimming pool	feet first
name a specific way people might enter a swimming pool	slowly
name a specific way people might enter a swimming pool	jump right in
name a specific way people might enter a swimming pool	ladder
name a specific way people might enter a swimming pool	stairs
name something people shouldn't leave inside their parked car.	purse/wallet
name something people shouldn't leave inside their parked car.	keys
name something people shouldn't leave inside their parked car.	kids
name something people shouldn't leave inside their parked car.	phone
name something people shouldn't leave inside their parked car.	dog
name something people shouldn't leave inside their parked car.	ice cream
name something at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself.	open bar
name something at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself.	dance floor
name something at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself.	karaoke
name something at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself.	mistletoe
name something at your company holiday party that could lead you to embarrass yourself.	free food
name a card game that takes a long time to play	poker
name a card game that takes a long time to play	bridge
name a card game that takes a long time to play	uno
name a card game that takes a long time to play	solitaire
name a card game that takes a long time to play	gin rummy
name a card game that takes a long time to play	war
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	eat
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	write/type
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	snap/clap
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	bite nails
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	count
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	cross them
name something you might do with your fingers but not your toes	point
name an actor who often plays a "bad guy".	jack nickleson
name an actor who often plays a "bad guy".	al pacino
name an actor who often plays a "bad guy".	clint eastwood
name an actor who often plays a "bad guy".	robert dinero
name an actor who often plays a "bad guy".	christopher wakin
name an actor who often plays a "bad guy".	dennis hooper
name a place where most americans go at least once for vacation	disneyland/world
name a place where most americans go at least once for vacation	hawii
name a place where most americans go at least once for vacation	las vegas
name a place where most americans go at least once for vacation	mexico
name a place where most americans go at least once for vacation	grand canyon
name a place where most americans go at least once for vacation	new york city
name a reason why you'd get blindfolded.	surprise party
name a reason why you'd get blindfolded.	pin tail on donkey
name a reason why you'd get blindfolded.	kidnapped
name a reason why you'd get blindfolded.	pinata
name something you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office.	gloves
name something you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office.	magazine
name something you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office.	band aids
name something you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office.	pen
name something you are always tempted to steal from the doctor's office.	medicine
name a way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people	funny
name a way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people	they're acting
name a way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people	always happy
name a way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people	rich
name a way in which sitcom characters are typically different from real people	always look good
name the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been	tv
name the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been	clock
name the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been	canara
name the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been	mp3/music
name the best thing that is now available digital, but hasn't always been	phone
name something many people would be sacred to do alone at night	walk home
name something many people would be sacred to do alone at night	sleep
name something many people would be sacred to do alone at night	drive
name something many people would be sacred to do alone at night	watch scary movie
name something many people would be sacred to do alone at night	go for a jog
name something from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu	whale
name something from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu	sand/rocks
name something from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu	star fish
name something from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu	coral
name something from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu	sea shells
name something from the ocean that you'd never find on a restaurant menu	sea horse
name something in a casino that may give you a headache.	noise
name something in a casino that may give you a headache.	smoke
name something in a casino that may give you a headache.	flashung lights
name something in a casino that may give you a headache.	slot machines
name something in a casino that may give you a headache.	alcohol
name something that plugs into your computer.	printer
name something that plugs into your computer.	mouse
name something that plugs into your computer.	keyboard
name something that plugs into your computer.	phone
name something that plugs into your computer.	router
name something that plugs into your computer.	monitor
name something you were afraid to do for the first time.	drive
name something you were afraid to do for the first time.	kiss/intimacy
name something you were afraid to do for the first time.	swim
name something you were afraid to do for the first time.	ride a bike
name something you were afraid to do for the first time.	go to school
name something you were afraid to do for the first time.	get on a plane
name someone whose orders should be followed.	boss
name someone whose orders should be followed.	police
name someone whose orders should be followed.	parents
name someone whose orders should be followed.	president
name someone whose orders should be followed.	judge
name someone whose orders should be followed.	doctor
name something a parent tells their teen i never did at your age	smoke
name something a parent tells their teen i never did at your age	drink
name something a parent tells their teen i never did at your age	date
name something a parent tells their teen i never did at your age	talk back
name something a parent tells their teen i never did at your age	lie
name something people add to oatmeal	brown sugar
name something people add to oatmeal	cinnamon
name something a kid might need to buy before starting a new school year.	backpack
name something a kid might need to buy before starting a new school year.	pencils
name something in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back.	money
name something in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back.	pen
name something in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back.	lipstick
name something in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back.	hygeine product
name something in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back.	tissue
name something in a woman's purse that she might lend out and not get back.	gum/candy
name something a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday.	clown
name something a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday.	games
name something a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday.	cake
name something a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday.	balloons
name something a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday.	party favors
name something a child might have at their 6th birthday party, but not at their 16th birthday.	parents
name something people dig up.	bones
name something people dig up.	dirt
name something people dig up.	treasure
name something people dig up.	flowers/plants
name something people dig up.	weeds
name something people dig up.	worms
name something that love gets compared to in pop songs.	flower
name something that love gets compared to in pop songs.	candy
name something that love gets compared to in pop songs.	battlefield
name something that love gets compared to in pop songs.	river
name something that love gets compared to in pop songs.	music
name something that many people are afraid to drive on	icy roads
name something that many people are afraid to drive on	snow
name something that many people are afraid to drive on	bridge
name something that many people are afraid to drive on	freeway
name someone who might be on your roof.	santa claus
name someone who might be on your roof.	roofer
name someone who might be on your roof.	chimney sweep
name someone who might be on your roof.	burglar
name someone who might be on your roof.	electrician
name someone who might be on your roof.	a fiddler
name something a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home	stay up
name something a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home	eat in bed
name something a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home	play games
name something a kid might get to do when sleeping over at a friend's house that he doesn't do at home	watch scary movie
name a reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye	not attracted
name a reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye	rude
name a reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye	no sparks
name a reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye	bad breath
name a reason you may leave a blind date without saying goodbye	boring
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	school
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	hospital
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	airplane
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	doctor's office
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	public transit
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	shopping center
name a public place where youre likely to catch a cold or flu bug	work
name someone who might tell you to lose weight	spouse
name someone who might tell you to lose weight	doctor
name someone who might tell you to lose weight	parents
name someone who might tell you to lose weight	boy/girl friend
name someone who might tell you to lose weight	friend
name someone who might tell you to lose weight	children
name an instance when you fake a smile	having a photo taken
name an instance when you fake a smile	hear a bad joke
name an instance when you fake a smile	job interview
name an instance when you fake a smile	upset
name an instance when you fake a smile	meeting new people
name an instance when you fake a smile	nervous
name a complaint people might have about buying things online.	shipping charges
name a complaint people might have about buying things online.	too big/small
name a complaint people might have about buying things online.	fraud
name a complaint people might have about buying things online.	`slow delivery
name an attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states	spirit
name an attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states	good looks
name an attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states	leadership
name an attribute of a high school cheerleader that could help her become president of the united states	popularity
name a specific kind of pepper people put in their food	black
name a specific kind of pepper people put in their food	bell
name a job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately.	food server
name a job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately.	surgeon
name a job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately.	construction worker
name a job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately.	dancer
name a job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately.	acrobat
name a job that a clumsy person would be fired from immediately.	bartender
name something you might do if you heard a burglar in your house.	call 911
name something you might do if you heard a burglar in your house.	get a gun
name something you might do if you heard a burglar in your house.	get a baseball bat
name something you might do if you heard a burglar in your house.	scream
name something you might do if you heard a burglar in your house.	run and hide
name something you might do if you heard a burglar in your house.	ask who is there?
name a household activity that people wear gloves while doing	dishes
name a household activity that people wear gloves while doing	gardening
name a household activity that people wear gloves while doing	scrubbing toilet
name a household activity that people wear gloves while doing	painting
name something you need to bake a cake.	flour
name something you need to bake a cake.	eggs
name something you need to bake a cake.	cake mix
name something you need to bake a cake.	baking pan
name something you need to bake a cake.	oven
name something you need to bake a cake.	spatula
name something you need to bake a cake.	milk
name something a housekeeper should not open	mail
name something a housekeeper should not open	safe/lock box
name something a housekeeper should not open	dresser drawers
name something a housekeeper should not open	jewelery box
name something a housekeeper should not open	purse/wallet
name something a housekeeper should not open	diary/journal
name a piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug	couch
name a piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug	lounge chair
name a piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug	bed
name a piece of furniture thats too big to fit in a vw bug	table
name something that might hurt after you attend a rock concert.	head
name something that might hurt after you attend a rock concert.	throat
name something that might hurt after you attend a rock concert.	feet
name something that might hurt after you attend a rock concert.	neck
name something that might hurt after you attend a rock concert.	back
name something that might hurt after you attend a rock concert.	ears
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	magazine
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	coupons
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	credit card
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	catalogs
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	sweepstakes
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	newspaper
name something you might sign up for if you like to receive mail	fan club
name something moms make their kids wear in the winter	coat
name something moms make their kids wear in the winter	gloves
name something moms make their kids wear in the winter	hat
name something moms make their kids wear in the winter	sweater
name something moms make their kids wear in the winter	long johns
name something moms make their kids wear in the winter	boots
name someone who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to	boss
name someone who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to	parent
name someone who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to	ex
name someone who you'd hate to accidentally forward a personal email to	grandparent
name something that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get	job
name something that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get	money
name something that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get	love/married
name something that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get	degree
name something that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get	driver's license
name something that people go through a lot of obstacles in order to get	house
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	tiger
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	rabbit
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	parrot
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	bear
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	monkey
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	kangaroo
name a type of animal that can be found in the cereal box	lion
name something on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish	steak
name something on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish	burger
name something on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish	pizza
name something on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish	ribs
name something on the menu that a restaurant might guarantee nobody can finish	pasta
name places where you might see santa	mall
name places where you might see santa	north pole
name places where you might see santa	home
name places where you might see santa	sky
name something a hair dresser might complain about a customer.	dirty hair
name something a hair dresser might complain about a customer.	the tip
name something a hair dresser might complain about a customer.	always moving
name something a hair dresser might complain about a customer.	late
name something a hair dresser might complain about a customer.	too picky
name something that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck.	black cat
name something that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck.	breaking a mirror
name something that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck.	walk under a ladder
name something that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck.	number 13
name something that superstitious people believe will bring bad luck.	step on a crack
name another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away	banjo
name another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away	bass
name another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away	fiddle/violin
name another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away	ukelele
name another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away	harp
name another stringed instrument that a guitarist would probably be good at right away	mandolin
name something that has strings on it	guitar
name something that has strings on it	puppet
name something that has strings on it	violin
name something that has strings on it	kite
name something that has strings on it	yo yo
name something that has strings on it	balloon
name something that has strings on it	cello
name something mick jagger does a lot	sing
name something mick jagger does a lot	dance
name something mick jagger does a lot	yell
name something mick jagger does a lot	tour
name something mick jagger does a lot	jump
name a gift that most women like to get.	jewelry
name a gift that most women like to get.	clothes
name a specific place where you hated to run into a school bully.	bathroom
name a specific place where you hated to run into a school bully.	playground
name a specific place where you hated to run into a school bully.	hallway
name a specific place where you hated to run into a school bully.	alley
name a specific place where you hated to run into a school bully.	cafeteria
name a specific place where you hated to run into a school bully.	locker room
name someone who children believe in	santa claus
name someone who children believe in	god
name someone who children believe in	tooth fairy
name someone who children believe in	easter bunny
name someone who children believe in	parents
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	party
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	mall
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	place of worship
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	work
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	school
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	hair saloon
name someplace were you'd see a lot of people gossiping	coffee shop
name something you might pay someone to do while you're away on vacation	care for pets
name something you might pay someone to do while you're away on vacation	house sit
name something you might pay someone to do while you're away on vacation	water plants
name something you might pay someone to do while you're away on vacation	babysit
name something you might pay someone to do while you're away on vacation	collect mail
name something that comes in a bottle	soda
name something that comes in a bottle	beer
name something that comes in a bottle	perfume
name something that comes in a bottle	milk
name something that comes in a bottle	shampoo
name something a kid might use to slide down the stairs	pillow
name something a kid might use to slide down the stairs	cardboard box
name something a kid might use to slide down the stairs	blanket
name something a kid might use to slide down the stairs	behind
name something a kid might use to slide down the stairs	mattress
name something a kid might use to slide down the stairs	towel
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	strawberries
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	chocolate
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	grapes
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	steak
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	oysters
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	lobster
name a food that people get fed in a romantic situation.	pasta
name a tv show about an island.	gilligan's island
name a tv show about an island.	lost
name a tv show about an island.	fantasy island
name a tv show about an island.	survivor
name something children often catch	illness
name something children often catch	ball
name something children often catch	bugs/ butterflies
name something children often catch	fish
name something children often catch	frogs
name someone who is more popular dead than when they were alive.	elvis presley
name someone who is more popular dead than when they were alive.	marilyn monroe
name someone who is more popular dead than when they were alive.	jesus
name someone who is more popular dead than when they were alive.	james dean
name a sign that you might be turning into a dog.	barking
name a sign that you might be turning into a dog.	grow a tail
name a sign that you might be turning into a dog.	growing fur
name a sign that you might be turning into a dog.	need t scratch
name a sign that you might be turning into a dog.	fetch
name a sign that you might be turning into a dog.	floppy ears
name a type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back	limousine
name a type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back	taxi
name a type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back	bus
name a type of vehicle where you usually sit in the back	carriage
name an item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out	clock
name an item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out	microwave
name an item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out	tv
name an item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out	computer
name an item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out	stove
name an item in your home that you'd need to reset after power had went out	vcr/dvd player
name a design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers	stripes
name a design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers	animals
name a design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers	argyle
name a design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers	flowers
name a design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers	polka dots
name a design you often see on socks, but not on sneakers	hearts
name something men put in their shirt pockets	pen/pencil
name something men put in their shirt pockets	money
name something men put in their shirt pockets	handkerchief
name something men put in their shirt pockets	glasses
name something men put in their shirt pockets	cigarettes
name something people eat with chili.	crackers
name something people eat with chili.	bread
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	age
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	home address
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	weight
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	social security
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	home phone
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	marital status
name a piece of information youd be surprised to find on someones business card	religion
name a flavor of potato chips	bbq
name a flavor of potato chips	sour cream & onion
name a flavor of potato chips	vinegar
name a flavor of potato chips	ranch
name a flavor of potato chips	original
name a flavor of potato chips	cheese
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	snoring
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	ticking clock
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	furnace/ac
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	crickets/mice
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	creaks
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	leaky faucet
name something you can only hear in your house when everyone's sleeping	refrigerator
name an event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed.	wedding
name an event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed.	birthday
name an event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed.	graduation
name an event in your life where you'd be unhappy if no one showed.	funeral
name something children wear, but adults don't	diaper
name something children wear, but adults don't	bib
name something children wear, but adults don't	overalls
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	water it
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	fertilize it
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	give it plant food
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	give it more sun
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	vitamins
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	repot it
name something a person might do to a houseplant to help it grow.	talk to it
name santas biggest problem	weight
name santas biggest problem	time
name santas biggest problem	going down chiminy
name santas biggest problem	weather
name santas biggest problem	not enough elves
name santas biggest problem	naughty kids
name a specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of	heart
name a specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of	back/spine
name a specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of	feet
name a specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of	eyes
name a specific part of your body that the doctor might say to take better care of	kidneys
name something you put in your mouth but do not swallow	gum
name something you put in your mouth but do not swallow	toothpaste
name something you put in your mouth but do not swallow	mouthwash
name something you put in your mouth but do not swallow	hard candy/ sucker
name something people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get.	apple
name something people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get.	toothbrush/paste
name something people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get.	pennies
name something people pass out for trick-or-treat, that a child may be disappointed to get.	raisins
name a part of the body that's often sore after exercise.	legs
name a part of the body that's often sore after exercise.	arms
name a part of the body that's often sore after exercise.	back
name a part of the body that's often sore after exercise.	stomach
name a part of the body that's often sore after exercise.	butt
name something thats usually fruitflavored	gum/candy
name something thats usually fruitflavored	juice
name something thats usually fruitflavored	jell o
name something thats usually fruitflavored	soda
name something thats usually fruitflavored	ice cream
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	at home
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	work
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	long car/bus ride
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	airport/plane
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	park
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	school
name a place where you nap just to pass the time.	doctor's office
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	costume
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	candy
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	decorations
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	music
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	pumpkin
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	drinks
name something you might want to buy if youre hosting a halloween party	apples
name something cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad	evil laugh
name something cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad	stealing
name something cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad	fighting
name something cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad	killing
name something cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad	taking over world
name something cartoon villains are always doing that lets you know they're bad	wearing black
name a cartoon character that can fly	dumbo
name a cartoon character that can fly	tinkerbell
name a cartoon character that can fly	peter pan
name a cartoon character that can fly	mighty mouse
name something that even adults hate to share.	money
name something that even adults hate to share.	food
name something that even adults hate to share.	bed
name something that even adults hate to share.	bathroom
name something that even adults hate to share.	clothes
name something that even adults hate to share.	secrets
name something kids would play with outside in summer.	ball
name something kids would play with outside in summer.	pool
name something kids would play with outside in summer.	bike
name something kids would play with outside in summer.	sprinkler/hose
name something nice you get sick of saying during the holidays	merry christmas
name something nice you get sick of saying during the holidays	thank you
name something nice you get sick of saying during the holidays	great to see you
name something you might use a flashlight while doing	camping
name something you might use a flashlight while doing	searching for something
name something you might use a flashlight while doing	reading
name something you might use a flashlight while doing	hiking
name something you might use a flashlight while doing	fixing a car
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	fly is open
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	burp
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	get laughed at
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	break wind
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	being heckled
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	stutter
name something a man wouldnt want to have happen to him while hes giving a speech	coughing
name something a high school student might join in order to become more popular.	sports
name something a high school student might join in order to become more popular.	cheerleading
name something a high school student might join in order to become more popular.	band
name something a high school student might join in order to become more popular.	student council
name something a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about	kissing
name something a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about	holding hands
name something a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about	crying at a movie
name something a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about	go shopping
name something a guy might do when hes with his girlfriend that his buddies might tease him about	hold door open
name a hobby whose participants are also called geeks	chess
name a hobby whose participants are also called geeks	computer
name a hobby whose participants are also called geeks	video games
name a hobby whose participants are also called geeks	math
name a hobby whose participants are also called geeks	band
name something you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day	dog
name something you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day	child
name something you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day	chocolate
name something you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day	ice cream
name something you wouldnt leave in you car on a hot day	milk
name something a customer might do to annoy a waitress	send food back
name something a customer might do to annoy a waitress	not tip
name something a customer might do to annoy a waitress	flirt
name something a customer might do to annoy a waitress	snap fingers
name something a customer might do to annoy a waitress	spill drinks
name something in your car that can be turned on and off.	radio
name something in your car that can be turned on and off.	engine
name something in your car that can be turned on and off.	lights
name something in your car that can be turned on and off.	heater/ac
name something in your car that can be turned on and off.	wipers
name something a child does to prove they're too sick for school.	cough
name something a child does to prove they're too sick for school.	vomit
name something a child does to prove they're too sick for school.	cry
name something a child does to prove they're too sick for school.	take temperature
name something you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet	makeup
name something you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet	lotion
name something you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet	cold cream
name something you put on your face that youd never dream of putting on your feet	mask
name something a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up.	shave
name something a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up.	look down
name something a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up.	cut hair
name something a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up.	smile
name something a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up.	dye hair
name something a criminal might do to avoid being recognized in a police line-up.	wear a disguise
name something youd see a lot of in california	beaches
name something youd see a lot of in california	palm trees
name something youd see a lot of in california	sun
name something youd see a lot of in california	movie stars
name something youd see a lot of in california	artists
name something youd see a lot of in california	cars
name something youd see a lot of in california	blondes
name an occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen.	lifeguard
name an occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen.	road construction
name an occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen.	land scaper/gardener
name an occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen.	farmer
name an occupation in which you'd probably go through a lot of sunscreen.	roofer
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	bank
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	grocery store
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	gas station
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	convenience store
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	bar
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	casino
name a specific type of business that usually has an atm inside	restaurant
name something people wear that only comes in one size	hat
name something people wear that only comes in one size	glasses
name something people wear that only comes in one size	scarf
name something people wear that only comes in one size	gloves
name something people wear that only comes in one size	tie
name something that might be hard to do while pregnant.	run
name something that might be hard to do while pregnant.	bend over
name something that might be hard to do while pregnant.	tie shoes
name something that might be hard to do while pregnant.	sleep
name something that might be hard to do while pregnant.	exercise
name something that might be hard to do while pregnant.	walk
name a sport where players lose teeth.	hockey
name a sport where players lose teeth.	boxing
name a sport where players lose teeth.	football
name a sport where players lose teeth.	baseball
name a sport where players lose teeth.	wrestling
name something you see or hear that reminds you of an ex	song
name something you see or hear that reminds you of an ex	voice
name something you see or hear that reminds you of an ex	photo
name something you see or hear that reminds you of an ex	movie
name something you see or hear that reminds you of an ex	name
name something you see or hear that reminds you of an ex	car
name something people wear to avoid a sunburn	sunscreen
name something people wear to avoid a sunburn	hat
name something people wear to avoid a sunburn	shirt/coverup
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	mozzarella
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	limburger
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	roquefort
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	muenster
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	provolone
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	brie
name a type of cheese with a funny name.	gorgonzola
name something a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air.	swear
name something a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air.	burp
name something a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air.	lose temper
name something a radio dj might accidentally do if he didn't know he was on the air.	cough
name a reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal	rain
name a reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal	children on board
name a reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal	snow
name a reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal	accident ahead
name a reason you might be driving more cautiously than normal	driver's test
name something that people normally dont pay cash for	car
name something that people normally dont pay cash for	gas
name something that people normally dont pay cash for	house
name something that people normally dont pay cash for	food
name something parents always seem to be buying for their kids	clothes
name something parents always seem to be buying for their kids	shoes
name something parents always seem to be buying for their kids	toys
name something parents always seem to be buying for their kids	school supplies
name something parents always seem to be buying for their kids	candy
name something parents always seem to be buying for their kids	food
name a food that comes in a box.	cereal
name a food that comes in a box.	macaroni and cheese
name a food that comes in a box.	crackers
name a food that comes in a box.	hamburger helper
name a food that comes in a box.	donuts
name a food that comes in a box.	popcorn
name a food that comes in a box.	pizza
name a profession that has to worry about getting sued	doctor
name a profession that has to worry about getting sued	lawyer
name a profession that has to worry about getting sued	police officer
name an animal that's known for eating garbage	racoon
name an animal that's known for eating garbage	rat
name an animal that's known for eating garbage	dog
name an animal that's known for eating garbage	pig
name an animal that's known for eating garbage	bear
name an animal that's known for eating garbage	goat
name something specific farmers grow in their fields	corn
name something specific farmers grow in their fields	wheat
name something specific farmers grow in their fields	cotton
name something specific farmers grow in their fields	carrots
name something specific farmers grow in their fields	tomatoes
name a profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work.	cook/baker
name a profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work.	doctor
name a profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work.	exotic dancer
name a profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work.	hair stylist
name a profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work.	actor/model
name a profession where an engaged woman might remove her extravagant ring before work.	dishwasher
name something people do to their food that makes it unhealthy	add salt
name something people do to their food that makes it unhealthy	fry it
name something people do to their food that makes it unhealthy	put sugar on top
name something people do to their food that makes it unhealthy	butter it
name something a telemarketer probably hates about their job.	people hanging up
name something a telemarketer probably hates about their job.	rude people
name something a telemarketer probably hates about their job.	getting rejected
name something a telemarketer probably hates about their job.	making phone calls
name something a telemarketer probably hates about their job.	asking questions
name something a telemarketer probably hates about their job.	boring
name a board game people give as a holiday gift.	monopoly
name a board game people give as a holiday gift.	sorry
name a place where you often end up overeating	buffet/restaurant
name a place where you often end up overeating	home/mom's house
name a place where you often end up overeating	party
name a place where you often end up overeating	wedding
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	doors slammed in face
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	no sales
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	too much walking
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	feel hurt
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	no one answers door
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	rude people
name a complaint a door-to-door salesperson might have	rejection
name something teens think they understand long before they really do.	love
name something teens think they understand long before they really do.	life
name something teens think they understand long before they really do.	money
name something teens think they understand long before they really do.	safe driving
name a place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off	church
name a place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off	funeral
name a place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off	movies
name a place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off	job interview
name a place where youd be mortified if your cell phone went off	wedding
name something modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen.	microwave
name something modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen.	dishwasher
name something modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen.	fridge
name something modern a homemaker from 100 years ago would have loved to have in the kitchen.	blender
name a sport whose athletes wear hats.	baseball
name a sport whose athletes wear hats.	golf
name a sport whose athletes wear hats.	tennis
name a sport whose athletes wear hats.	swimming
name a sport whose athletes wear hats.	skiing
name something santa does that you wouldn't want your house guest to do.	come down chimney
name something santa does that you wouldn't want your house guest to do.	eat your coookies
name something santa does that you wouldn't want your house guest to do.	arrive late at night
name a creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do	ant
name a creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do	beaver
name a creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do	horse
name a creature who would be rich if they were paid for all the work they seem to do	bee
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	wow
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	hey/hi
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	stop/no
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	what
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	help
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	oh my
name a word or phrase that's often followed up with an exclamation point	yes/yeah
name something that kids and some adults both collect	coins
name something that kids and some adults both collect	baseball cards
name something that kids and some adults both collect	stamps
name something that kids and some adults both collect	comic books
name something that kids and some adults both collect	toys
name something that kids and some adults both collect	records
name something that has bubbles in it.	soda
name something that has bubbles in it.	champagne
name something that has bubbles in it.	bubble bath
name something that has bubbles in it.	soap
name something that has bubbles in it.	dishwashing liquid
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	work
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	tv
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	traffic
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	bills
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	telephone
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	people
name something you wouldnt miss about daily life if you were stranded on a desert island	housework
name some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays	exchange gifts
name some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays	sing
name some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays	go to church
name some activities people do on christmas that they dont do on other holidays	decorate
name the high school subject you use least often today	advanced math
name the high school subject you use least often today	science
name the high school subject you use least often today	history
name the high school subject you use least often today	art
name the high school subject you use least often today	foreign language
name an activity that could be described as "wholesome."	religous activity
name an activity that could be described as "wholesome."	sports
name an activity that could be described as "wholesome."	reading
name an activity that could be described as "wholesome."	family meals
name an activity that could be described as "wholesome."	board games
name an activity that could be described as "wholesome."	baking/cooking
name a reason you might have to get a change for a dollar	make a phone call
name a reason you might have to get a change for a dollar	vending machine
name a reason you might have to get a change for a dollar	parking meter
name a reason you might have to get a change for a dollar	bus fare
name a reason you might have to get a change for a dollar	newspaper machine
name something people trade	cars
name something people trade	trading cards
name something people trade	phone numbers
name something people trade	dance partners
name something people trade	stocks
name something people trade	secrets
name something you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake	call 911
name something you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake	suck out venom
name something you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake	run and get help
name something you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake	take them to hospital
name something you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake	call a doctor
name something you might do if your friend got bitten by a snake	scream
name something people buy, and then don't know how to use.	computer
name something people buy, and then don't know how to use.	cell phone
name something people buy, and then don't know how to use.	tv
name something people buy, and then don't know how to use.	camera
name something people buy, and then don't know how to use.	dvd player
name something people buy, and then don't know how to use.	car
name something some kids need to have in order to sleep.	blanket
name something some kids need to have in order to sleep.	teddy bear
name something some kids need to have in order to sleep.	night light
name something some kids need to have in order to sleep.	milk
name something some kids need to have in order to sleep.	bedtime story
name something some kids need to have in order to sleep.	pacifier
name something a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep.	sing lullaby
name something a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep.	rock them
name something a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep.	feed them
name something a parent might do to help their baby fall asleep.	read to them
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	blender
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	toaster
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	mixer
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	dishwasher
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	pan
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	knife
name a kitchen item that a man generally does not own until he is married	spatula
name something that runs, but doesn't have legs	cars
name something that runs, but doesn't have legs	toilet/sink
name something that runs, but doesn't have legs	refrigerator
name something that runs, but doesn't have legs	nose
name a phrase that often appears in children's stories	once upon a time
name a phrase that often appears in children's stories	the end
name a phrase that often appears in children's stories	happily ever after
name a city in the us that people visit for the holidays	new york
name a city in the us that people visit for the holidays	las vegas
name a city in the us that people visit for the holidays	chicago
name a city in the us that people visit for the holidays	orlando
name a city in the us that people visit for the holidays	anaheim
name a city in the us that people visit for the holidays	miami
name a favor you hate having to ask friends for	borrow money
name a favor you hate having to ask friends for	use car
name a favor you hate having to ask friends for	help moving
name a favor you hate having to ask friends for	babysitting
name something that kids play in but an adult would not.	mud/dirt
name something that kids play in but an adult would not.	sandbox
name something that kids play in but an adult would not.	kiddie pool
name something that kids play in but an adult would not.	ball pit
name something that kids play in but an adult would not.	tree/playhouse
name something that kids play in but an adult would not.	bath tub
name something a car can't run without.	gas
name something a car can't run without.	engine
name a place where youd least expect to see a superhero	jail
name a place where youd least expect to see a superhero	place of worship
name a place where youd least expect to see a superhero	mall
name a place where youd least expect to see a superhero	bar
name a place where youd least expect to see a superhero	grocery store
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	surfing
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	skinny dipping
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	scuba diving
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	parasailing
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	snorkeling
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	wartersking
name something that an adventurous person might try while at the beach	jet sking
name a type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays.	retail
name a type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays.	police officer
name a type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays.	medical profession
name a type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays.	postal work
name a type of business in which you might have to work over the holidays.	hotel industry
name something specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall	beard
name something specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall	size
name something specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall	hearty laugh
name something specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall	stranger
name something specific about santa that causes children to be afraid of him at the mall	deep voice
name a comic book kids love to collect	superman
name a comic book kids love to collect	batman
name a movie people like to watch at christmas.	a christmas story
name a movie people like to watch at christmas.	send us your answers!
name something you'd see at a very fancy restaurant you'd never expect to see at mcdonalds.	server
name something you'd see at a very fancy restaurant you'd never expect to see at mcdonalds.	candle
name an expression that includes the word "dog".	gone
name an expression that includes the word "dog".	hotdog
name an expression that includes the word "dog".	dirty dog
name an expression that includes the word "dog".	days
name an expression that includes the word "dog".	eat dog
name an expression that includes the word "dog".	house
name something you might ask a professional to install in your kitchen.	dishwasher
name something you might ask a professional to install in your kitchen.	stove
name something you are worried you do not get enough of.	sleep
name something you are worried you do not get enough of.	money
name a place in the house where people store their junk.	closet
name a place in the house where people store their junk.	garage
name a place in the house where people store their junk.	attic
name a reason you might send a bowl of soup back.	cold
name a reason you might send a bowl of soup back.	doesn't taste good
name a food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole.	grape
name a food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole.	pasta
name a food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole.	gum
name a food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole.	pea
name a food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole.	candy
name a food you sometimes accidentally swallow whole.	peanut
name an appliance you do not use often.	blender
name an appliance you do not use often.	oven
name something that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower.	toy
name something that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower.	person/foot
name something that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower.	hose/sprinkler
name something that gets accidentally run over by a lawn mower.	flower
name a reason a woman might be looking better than ever.	diet
name a reason a woman might be looking better than ever.	new hairstyle
name a reason a woman might be looking better than ever.	love
name a reason a woman might be looking better than ever.	pregnant
name a reason a woman might be looking better than ever.	happy
name a school subject you don't know much about.	math
name a school subject you don't know much about.	science
name a school subject you don't know much about.	history
name a school subject you don't know much about.	foreign language
name a school subject you don't know much about.	art
name a school subject you don't know much about.	english
name a school subject you don't know much about.	home economics
name a flavor that they might add to a snow cone.	cherry
name a flavor that they might add to a snow cone.	watermelon
name something you might decorate your work desk with.	send us your answers!
name something you might decorate your work desk with.	pictures
name something people do in the water at a lake.	swim
name something people do in the water at a lake.	water ski
name something embarrassing that might happen while you are laughing.	wet pants
name something embarrassing that might happen while you are laughing.	snort
name a job you should avoid if you are afraid of public speaking.	send us your answers!
name a job you should avoid if you are afraid of public speaking.	politician
name something you hit or kick to get it to work.	tv
name something you hit or kick to get it to work.	vending machine
name something you hit or kick to get it to work.	ball
name something you hit or kick to get it to work.	car
name something you hit or kick to get it to work.	vacuum
name something you hit or kick to get it to work.	radio
name something that will melt if you leave it in the sun too long.	ice cream
name something that will melt if you leave it in the sun too long.	ice
name a sport that can only be played outdoors during the winter.	hockey
name a sport that can only be played outdoors during the winter.	skiing
name a word that most people yell at their dogs.	no
name a word that most people yell at their dogs.	bad
name a country that you still feel it's safe to travel to.	canada
name a country that you still feel it's safe to travel to.	england
name a country that you still feel it's safe to travel to.	france
name a country that you still feel it's safe to travel to.	australia
name a country that you still feel it's safe to travel to.	usa
name a country that you still feel it's safe to travel to.	china
name something people collect today that might be worth a lot tomorrow.	money
name something people collect today that might be worth a lot tomorrow.	baseball cards
name something you would hate to lose.	money
name something you would hate to lose.	keys
name a type of book that people do not read for pleasure.	dictionary
name a type of book that people do not read for pleasure.	bible
name a place you're more likely to visit if you have kids.	zoo
name a place you're more likely to visit if you have kids.	disneyland
name something that might be spoiled.	food
name something that might be spoiled.	milk
name a piece of sports equipment that you only use once.	jock strap
name a piece of sports equipment that you only use once.	mouth guard
name an animal you would find on a farm.	cow
name an animal you would find on a farm.	chicken
name a job that's still primarily held by women.	nurse
name a job that's still primarily held by women.	receptionist
name a famous book of the bible that people study in bible class.	genesis
name a famous book of the bible that people study in bible class.	revelation
name something that might come with your new computer.	printer
name something that might come with your new computer.	mouse
name the first person you call when you have great news.	parent
name the first person you call when you have great news.	spouse
name a place where it is rude to take out your cell phone	cinema
name a place where it is rude to take out your cell phone	church
name something a rapper might wear that you'll never see al gore wearing.	baggy pants
name something a rapper might wear that you'll never see al gore wearing.	gold chain
name a situation where you might need to wear ear plugs.	send us your answers!
name a situation where you might need to wear ear plugs.	concerts
name a dairy item that's sold as non-fat.	milk
name a dairy item that's sold as non-fat.	cheese
name an excuse someone might give for why they're dancing badly.	too much to drink
name an excuse someone might give for why they're dancing badly.	bad joints
name a singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well.	jennifer lopez
name a singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well.	elvis presley
name a singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well.	michael jackson
name a singer who's famous for not just a sexy voice, but sexy moves as well.	tina turner
name something you'd hate to see in the ocean next to you.	shark
name something you'd hate to see in the ocean next to you.	jellyfish
name something that might be described as hot.	fire
name something that might be described as hot.	stove/oven
name something that might be described as hot.	sun/climate
name something that might be described as hot.	coffee
name something that might be described as hot.	person
name something that might be described as hot.	tea
name a piece of furniture you might see in someone's living room.	send us your answers!
name a piece of furniture you might see in someone's living room.	couch
name an activity that many people do while half asleep.	watch tv
name an activity that many people do while half asleep.	snore
name an activity that many people do while half asleep.	talk
name an activity that many people do while half asleep.	walk
name an activity that many people do while half asleep.	make love
name an activity that many people do while half asleep.	read
name something men need courage to do.	propose
name something men need courage to do.	ask woman out
name something men need courage to do.	fight
name something men need courage to do.	cry
name something men need courage to do.	get married
name something men need courage to do.	cook
name the age most middle age men would like to return to.	25
name the age most middle age men would like to return to.	21
name something in the house that slobs hardly ever use.	vacuum
name something in the house that slobs hardly ever use.	broom
name something in the house that slobs hardly ever use.	shower/bathtub
name something in the house that slobs hardly ever use.	soap/detergent
name something in the house that slobs hardly ever use.	trash can
name something in the house that slobs hardly ever use.	napkin
name a sport where your main goal would be to stay alive.	bull fighting
name a sport where your main goal would be to stay alive.	boxing
name a sport where your main goal would be to stay alive.	mix martial arts
name a sport where your main goal would be to stay alive.	auto racing
name a sport where your main goal would be to stay alive.	hunting
name a sport where your main goal would be to stay alive.	sky diving
name your favorite filling in a holiday candy.	carmel
name your favorite filling in a holiday candy.	cherry
name your favorite filling in a holiday candy.	peanut butter
name something one person in a relationship does too soon that scares the other one away.	talk marriage
name something one person in a relationship does too soon that scares the other one away.	say i love you
name something people do when they want to look better.	change hair
name something people do when they want to look better.	lose weight
name something healthy that might be found in a cookie.	oatmeal
name something healthy that might be found in a cookie.	nuts
name a place people go to see fireworks on new year's eve	park
name a place people go to see fireworks on new year's eve	downtown
name something that receives a grade.	test
name something that receives a grade.	job performance
name a circus performer who can't make a single mistake.	lion tamer
name a circus performer who can't make a single mistake.	high wire
name a circus performer who can't make a single mistake.	trapeze
name a breakfast food people might also eat for dinner.	eggs
name a breakfast food people might also eat for dinner.	toast
name a sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night.	breaking glass
name a sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night.	scream
name a sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night.	siren
name a sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night.	alarm
name a sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night.	phone ringing
name a sound you'd hate to hear in the middle of the night.	dog barking
name a good present to give a werewolf.	a human
name a good present to give a werewolf.	meat
name a good present to give a werewolf.	comb
name an ingredient you would find in trail mix.	nuts
name an ingredient you would find in trail mix.	pretzels
name something a couple stops sharing after they get divorced.	bed
name something a couple stops sharing after they get divorced.	car
name a dangerous occupation which probably shouldn't observe "take your kids to work day."	police
name a dangerous occupation which probably shouldn't observe "take your kids to work day."	fireman
name something men buy to wear that don'd try on in a fitting room	underwear
name something men buy to wear that don'd try on in a fitting room	t-shirts
name something a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it.	clean house
name something a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it.	fix plumbing
name something a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it.	laundry
name something a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it.	change oil
name something a husband always says he's going to do around the house, even though he has no clue how to do it.	cook
name a food that taste good hot or cold.	pizza
name a food that taste good hot or cold.	chicken
name a food that taste good hot or cold.	sandwich
name a food that taste good hot or cold.	soup
name a food that taste good hot or cold.	french fries
name a food that taste good hot or cold.	tea
name a man who thinks he's the greatest.	donald trump
name a man who thinks he's the greatest.	tom cruise
name a man who thinks he's the greatest.	george w. bush
name a man who thinks he's the greatest.	muhamad ali
name a man who thinks he's the greatest.	bill clinton
name a man who thinks he's the greatest.	kobe bryant
name something a man does to prepare for a date.	shower
name something a man does to prepare for a date.	shave
name the most popular christmas song.	jingle bells
name the most popular christmas song.	white christmas
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	windshield
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	glass
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	mirror
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	eggs
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	brain
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	car engine
name something which people would hate to discover is cracked.	walls
name a magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of.	time
name a magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of.	gq
name a magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of.	sports illustr'd
name a magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of.	fortune
name a magazine a mother would love to see her son on the cover of.	people
name something that is found in a pond.	fish
name something that is found in a pond.	ducks
name something your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't.	nervous
name something your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't.	they're praying
name something your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't.	look around
name something your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't.	buckle seat belt
name something your seat-mate on a plane might be doing that makes you afraid they know something you don't.	pull oxygen mask
name someone who wears a robe.	priest
name someone who wears a robe.	pope
name someone who wears a robe.	king
name someone who wears a robe.	dad
name someone who wears a robe.	grandpa
name someone who wears a robe.	queen
name something mothers nag their grown children to do.	clean room
name something mothers nag their grown children to do.	get married
name something mothers nag their grown children to do.	call them
name something mothers nag their grown children to do.	come over more
name something mothers nag their grown children to do.	get a job
name something mothers nag their grown children to do.	eat
name something a famous actor might buy to show off their money	mansion
name something a famous actor might buy to show off their money	car
name something a famous actor might buy to show off their money	diamond jewelry
name something that might be pinned to a shirt.	name tag
name something that might be pinned to a shirt.	broach
name the funniest man working in movies today.	jim carrey
name the funniest man working in movies today.	will smith
name the funniest man working in movies today.	martin lawrence
name the funniest man working in movies today.	eddie murphy
name the funniest man working in movies today.	chris rock
name something a zoo gorilla might do if he wanted to get your attention	bang on his chest
name something a zoo gorilla might do if he wanted to get your attention	grunt
name a decision people make that will affect their entire life.	marriage
name a decision people make that will affect their entire life.	having kids
name a decision people make that will affect their entire life.	career
name a decision people make that will affect their entire life.	education
name a decision people make that will affect their entire life.	buying a house
name a decision people make that will affect their entire life.	retirement
name a celebrity you would like to take a road trip with.	oprah winfrey
name a celebrity you would like to take a road trip with.	brad pitt
name a celebrity you would like to take a road trip with.	johnny depp
name a celebrity you would like to take a road trip with.	george clooney
name a celebrity you would like to take a road trip with.	jennifer aniston
name a celebrity you would like to take a road trip with.	kevin hart
name something a bride worries might happen on her wedding day.	groom does not show
name something a bride worries might happen on her wedding day.	rain
name something a bride worries might happen on her wedding day.	dress doesn't fit
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	cream
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	facelift
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	no sun
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	iron
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	botox
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	smile less
name something people do to prevent wrinkles.	facials
name a way people got around before cars were invented.	horseback
name a way people got around before cars were invented.	walking
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	banana
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	tomato
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	peach
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	pear
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	apple
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	avocado
name a fruit you might buy and let ripen at home:	cantaloupe
name one thing you've always dreamed of owning:	house
name one thing you've always dreamed of owning:	car
name one thing you've always dreamed of owning:	boat
name one thing you've always dreamed of owning:	swimming pool
name one thing you've always dreamed of owning:	my own business
name one thing you've always dreamed of owning:	fur coat
name the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am".	thirty
name the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am".	twenty-five
name the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am".	twenty-seven
name the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am".	twenty-nine
name the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am".	twenty-eight
name the age when a woman goes from being a "babe" to a "ma'am".	twenty-six
name something only a compulsively neat person irons.	undergarments
name something only a compulsively neat person irons.	socks
name something only a compulsively neat person irons.	linens
name something only a compulsively neat person irons.	shirts
name something parents teach their kids in the summer.	swim
name something parents teach their kids in the summer.	ride a bike
name something parents teach their kids in the summer.	how to read
name something parents teach their kids in the summer.	throw a ball
name something holland is famous for.	tulips
name something holland is famous for.	wooden shoes
name something holland is famous for.	cheese
name something holland is famous for.	windmills
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	shampoo
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	haircut
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	comb
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	hair gel
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	hair spray
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	hat
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	transplant
name something a guy saves money on if he's bald.	rogaine
name a cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too.	the simpsons
name a cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too.	looney tunes
name a cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too.	flintstones
name a cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too.	south park
name a cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too.	king of the hill
name a cartoon tv show that grown-ups like watching too.	jetsons
name something that expires.	coupons
name something that expires.	milk
name something that expires.	meat
name something that expires.	parking meter
name something that expires.	driver's license
name something that expires.	credit cards
name an occasion when parents let their kids eat candy.	halloween
name an occasion when parents let their kids eat candy.	easter
name an occasion when parents let their kids eat candy.	christmas
name something you need to go fishing.	fishing rods
name something you need to go fishing.	bait
name something you need to go fishing.	hook
name something you need to go fishing.	lures
name something a parent tells their child not to touch.	stove
name something a parent tells their child not to touch.	matches
name something a parent tells their child not to touch.	tv
name something a parent tells their child not to touch.	glass
name something women love to share with their friends.	gossip
name something women love to share with their friends.	food
name something women love to share with their friends.	clothes
name something women love to share with their friends.	shopping tips
name something women love to share with their friends.	makeup
name something women love to share with their friends.	time
name something people do on facebook.	upload content
name something people do on facebook.	chat
name something people do on facebook.	play games
name something people do on facebook.	stalk
name something people do on facebook.	find people
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	broken tv
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	cable/power out
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	punishment
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	on vacation
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	unpaid elec. bill
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	nothing good on
name a reason you might go without tv for a week.	gave up for lent
name something you need to set a table.	cutlery
name something you need to set a table.	tablecloth
name something you need to set a table.	plates
name something you need to set a table.	placemats
name something you need to set a table.	a table
name someone whose job it is to care for people.	nurse
name someone whose job it is to care for people.	doctor
name someone whose job it is to care for people.	mother
name someone whose job it is to care for people.	caregiver
name something on a highway that does not move.	speed limit sign
name something on a highway that does not move.	road
name something on a highway that does not move.	street lines
name something on a highway that does not move.	guardrail
name a game you might win a lot of money playing.	the lottery
name a game you might win a lot of money playing.	poker
name a game you might win a lot of money playing.	family feud
name a game you might win a lot of money playing.	who wants to be a millionaire
name a game you might win a lot of money playing.	blackjack
name an occasion that grandparents always show up for.	birthday
name an occasion that grandparents always show up for.	graduation
name an occasion that grandparents always show up for.	christmas
name an occasion that grandparents always show up for.	wedding
name an occasion that grandparents always show up for.	anniversary
name an occasion that grandparents always show up for.	baptism
name something a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok.	kissing/intimacy
name something a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok.	sports
name something a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok.	parking
name something a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok.	dancing
name something a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok.	cooking
name something a man says he's great at when he's actually just ok.	fixing things
name a celebrity you would like to switch spouses with.	angelina jolie
name a celebrity you would like to switch spouses with.	brad pitt
name a celebrity you would like to switch spouses with.	jay-z
name a celebrity you would like to switch spouses with.	jada pinkett smith
name a celebrity you would like to switch spouses with.	tom cruise
name something that's rude to cancel at the last minute.	date
name something that's rude to cancel at the last minute.	party
name something that's rude to cancel at the last minute.	doctor's appointment
name something that's rude to cancel at the last minute.	food
name something that's rude to cancel at the last minute.	hair appointment
name a specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly.	beer
name a specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly.	soda
name a specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly.	ice cream
name a specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly.	pizza
name a specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly.	chips
name a specific food or drink that is most responsible for the size of your belly.	donuts
name something that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick.	candy
name something that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick.	ice cream
name something that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick.	pizza
name something that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick.	chocolate
name something that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick.	cookies
name something that most kids would eat until they ate themselves sick.	cake
name something a guy might take with him to a poker game.	money
name something a guy might take with him to a poker game.	beer
name a slang word for "stomach".	gut
name a slang word for "stomach".	belly
name a slang word for "stomach".	tummy
name a slang word for "stomach".	abs
name a slang word for "stomach".	bread backet
name a beloved cartoon character from your childhood.	bugs bunny
name a beloved cartoon character from your childhood.	mickey mouse
name a beloved cartoon character from your childhood.	scooby-doo
name a beloved cartoon character from your childhood.	tweety
name a beloved cartoon character from your childhood.	winnie the pooh
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	donkey
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	bull
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	motorcycle
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	truck
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	train
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	another horse
name something a cowboy might ride if he lost his horse.	bicycle
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of water.	lifeguard
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of water.	scuba diver
name an industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient.	health care
name an industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient.	teacher
name an industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient.	sanitation
name an industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient.	airline
name an industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient.	transit
name an industry where a worker's strike would be inconvenient.	automotive
name someone americans think of as one of our "founding fathers".	george washington
name someone americans think of as one of our "founding fathers".	abraham lincoln
name someone americans think of as one of our "founding fathers".	thomas jefferson
name someone americans think of as one of our "founding fathers".	benjamin franklin
name something people put in their front yard.	flowers
name something people put in their front yard.	trees
name something people put in their front yard.	bird bath
name something people put in their front yard.	lawn gnomes
name something people put in their front yard.	lawn ornaments
name something people put in their front yard.	flagpole
name something you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation.	stove
name something you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation.	water running
name something you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation.	iron
name something you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation.	television
name something you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation.	lights
name something you'd hate to leave on in the house if you went on vacation.	air conditioner
name something a hospital uses to transport patients.	ambulance
name something a hospital uses to transport patients.	wheelchair
name something a hospital uses to transport patients.	gurney
name something a hospital uses to transport patients.	helicopter
name something a hospital uses to transport patients.	bed
name something a hospital uses to transport patients.	hospital bed
name something an author needs to write a book.	pen
name something an author needs to write a book.	computer
name something an author needs to write a book.	paper
name something an author needs to write a book.	ideas
name something an author needs to write a book.	typewriter
name something an author needs to write a book.	story
name an annoying bug a person might find in their house.	cockroach
name an annoying bug a person might find in their house.	fly
name an annoying bug a person might find in their house.	mosquitoes
name an annoying bug a person might find in their house.	ants
name an annoying bug a person might find in their house.	spider
name an annoying bug a person might find in their house.	bee
name a place that is usually very loud.	concert
name a place that is usually very loud.	bars
name a place that is usually very loud.	ports stadium
name a place that is usually very loud.	night club
name a place that is usually very loud.	mall
name a place that is usually very loud.	airport
name something you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong.	unhealthy eating
name something you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong.	smoking
name something you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong.	lying
name something you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong.	cheating on mate
name something you keep on doing even though you know it's wrong.	drinking
name a specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning.	hair
name a specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning.	face
name a specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning.	eyes
name a specific part of your body that looks terrible first thing in the morning.	teeth
name an animal you wouldn't want to hug.	porcupine
name an animal you wouldn't want to hug.	skunk
name an animal you wouldn't want to hug.	snake
name an animal you wouldn't want to hug.	hedgehog
name something that makes you squint.	sun
name something that makes you squint.	small print
name something that makes you squint.	light
name something that makes you squint.	strong wind
name something that makes you squint.	onions
name something that makes you squint.	grape fruit
name something in the house men use more than women use:	razor
name something in the house men use more than women use:	tools
name something in the house men use more than women use:	tv
name something in the house men use more than women use:	recliner
name something in the house men use more than women use:	shower
name something in the house men use more than women use:	bathroom
name something in the house men use more than women use:	couch
name something in the house men use more than women use:	stereo
name something in the house men use more than women use:	remote control
name an african country that is known for its wildlife.	kenya
name an african country that is known for its wildlife.	zimbabwe
name an african country that is known for its wildlife.	south africa
name an african country that is known for its wildlife.	nigeria
name an african country that is known for its wildlife.	congo
name a reason why mrs. clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years.	she loves him
name a reason why mrs. clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years.	gifts
name a reason why mrs. clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years.	jolly
name a reason why mrs. clause might have stayed with santa clause all these years.	fame
name something you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate.	eyepatch
name something you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate.	hat
name something you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate.	bandana
name something you should wear if you were trying to dress like a pirate.	hook
name a play a high schooler might read.	romeo and juliet
name a play a high schooler might read.	hamlet
name a play a high schooler might read.	macbeth
name a play a high schooler might read.	death of a salesman
name a play a high schooler might read.	our town
name something you'd better show up on time for.	work/job
name something you'd better show up on time for.	wedding
name something you'd better show up on time for.	court/jury duty
name something you'd better show up on time for.	school activities
name something you'd do differently, if you worked from home instead of an office.	casual dress
name something you'd do differently, if you worked from home instead of an office.	sleep
name something you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church.	coughing
name something you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church.	baby
name something you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church.	sneezing
name something you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church.	talking
name something you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church.	snoring
name something you can often hear, when it's very quiet in church.	cell phone
name an event on a cruise ship.	music
name an event on a cruise ship.	dance
name an event on a cruise ship.	casino
name an event on a cruise ship.	movies
name an event on a cruise ship.	shuffle board
name an event on a cruise ship.	comedy show
name something a man might wear to bed.	boxer shorts
name something a man might wear to bed.	pajamas
name something a man might wear to bed.	nothing
name something a man might wear to bed.	t-shirt
name an activity which requires body contact.	making love
name an activity which requires body contact.	dancing
name an activity which requires body contact.	football
name an activity which requires body contact.	wrestling
name an activity which requires body contact.	boxing
name an activity which requires body contact.	hugging
name a place where you keep pictures of your loved ones.	wallet
name a place where you keep pictures of your loved ones.	photo album
name a place where you keep pictures of your loved ones.	on the wall
name a place where you keep pictures of your loved ones.	computer
name a place where you keep pictures of your loved ones.	living room
name a place where you keep pictures of your loved ones.	desk
name a cereal kids love to eat.	lucky charms
name a cereal kids love to eat.	fruit loops
name a cereal kids love to eat.	cheerios
name a cereal kids love to eat.	frosted flakes
name a cereal kids love to eat.	trix
name a cereal kids love to eat.	cap'n crunch
name something you buy for grandfathers at christmas.	socks
name something you buy for grandfathers at christmas.	handkerchief
name something you buy for grandfathers at christmas.	tie
name something you buy for grandfathers at christmas.	chocolates
name something you buy for grandfathers at christmas.	books
name something you buy for grandfathers at christmas.	whiskey
name the american city you think that the rudest people.	new york
name the american city you think that the rudest people.	los angeles
name the american city you think that the rudest people.	boston
name the american city you think that the rudest people.	chicago
name a united states president who you think could have won on "survivor".	bill clinton
name a united states president who you think could have won on "survivor".	barack obama
name a united states president who you think could have won on "survivor".	abraham lincoln
name a united states president who you think could have won on "survivor".	ronald reagan
name a united states president who you think could have won on "survivor".	george w. bush
name a united states president who you think could have won on "survivor".	john f. kennedy
name something people have to empty on a regular basis.	trash can/garbage
name something people have to empty on a regular basis.	bladder
name something people have to empty on a regular basis.	dishes/dishwasher
name something people have to empty on a regular basis.	pockets
name something people have to empty on a regular basis.	coffeepot
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	battery
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	plants/flowers
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	pet
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	refrigerator
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	television
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	lightbulb
name something most people don't replace until it dies.	car
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	vacuum
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	duster
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	bleach
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	broom
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	windex
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	soap
name something you use when you are cleaning the house.	mop
name a common place in the body to pull a muscle.	leg
name a common place in the body to pull a muscle.	hamstring
name a common place in the body to pull a muscle.	back
name a common place in the body to pull a muscle.	neck
name a common place in the body to pull a muscle.	groin
name something a child touches that an adult would not.	bugs
name something a child touches that an adult would not.	dirt
name something a child touches that an adult would not.	worms
name something a child touches that an adult would not.	poop
name something a child touches that an adult would not.	hot stove
name something a child touches that an adult would not.	boogers
name something blue.	the sky
name something blue.	oceans
name something blue.	eyes
name something blue.	jeans
name something blue.	the smurfs
name something a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas.	clothes
name something a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas.	coal
name something a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas.	no presents
name something a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas.	book
name something a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas.	spanking
name something a kid hopes he doesn't get for christmas.	a cold
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	knife
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	binoculars
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	bug repellent
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	gun
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	boots
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	guide
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	compass
name something you would need if you were exploring the jungle.	jeep
name america's most famous department stores.	macy's
name america's most famous department stores.	walmart
name america's most famous department stores.	sears
name america's most famous department stores.	j.c. penney
name america's most famous department stores.	k mart
name a country that has a lot of desert.	egypt
name a country that has a lot of desert.	saudi arabia
name a country that has a lot of desert.	united states
name a country that has a lot of desert.	iran
name a country that has a lot of desert.	india
name a country that has a lot of desert.	iraq
name a country that has a lot of desert.	australia
name something you might be glad only comes once a year.	christmas
name something you might be glad only comes once a year.	birthdays
name something you might be glad only comes once a year.	tax season
name something you might be glad only comes once a year.	anniversary
name something you'd see a lot of at disneyland.	mickey mouse
name something you'd see a lot of at disneyland.	rides
name something you'd see a lot of at disneyland.	tourists
name something you'd see a lot of at disneyland.	children
name a sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting.	going on dates
name a sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting.	puberty
name a sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting.	learning to drive
name a sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting.	moving out/college
name a sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting.	graduation
name a sign of their child growing up that parents may have a hard time accepting.	wearing make-up
name a source of energy people used before oil:	coal
name a source of energy people used before oil:	wood
name a source of energy people used before oil:	water
name a source of energy people used before oil:	wind
name a source of energy people used before oil:	steam
name someone who usually wears a cape.	batman
name someone who usually wears a cape.	superman
name someone who usually wears a cape.	zorro
name someone who usually wears a cape.	witch
name someone who usually wears a cape.	dracula
name someone who usually wears a cape.	magician
name a country where they love to criticize americans.	france
name a country where they love to criticize americans.	iran
name a country where they love to criticize americans.	iraq
name a country where they love to criticize americans.	russia
name a country where they love to criticize americans.	united kingdom
name a country where they love to criticize americans.	canada
name something that comes in a huge variety of flavors.	ice cream
name something that comes in a huge variety of flavors.	candy
name something that comes in a huge variety of flavors.	soft drink
name something that comes in a huge variety of flavors.	kool-aid
name something that comes in a huge variety of flavors.	gum
name something mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do.	junk food
name something mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do.	stay up
name something mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do.	watch tv
name something mom doesn't let her kids do that grandma might do.	mess
name something you can count.	money
name something you can count.	numbers
name something you can count.	finggers
name something you can count.	sheep
name something you can count.	stars
name something you can count.	people
name an animal who should be very worried about global warming.	polar bear
name an animal who should be very worried about global warming.	penguin
name an animal who should be very worried about global warming.	human
name an animal who should be very worried about global warming.	fish
name an animal who should be very worried about global warming.	seal
name an animal who should be very worried about global warming.	dolphin
name a place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks.	shirt collar
name a place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks.	her teeth
name a place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks.	someone's cheek
name a place where a woman might be embarrassed to leave lipstick marks.	drinking glass
name something a person pays someone else to get rid of.	trash
name something a person pays someone else to get rid of.	bugs
name something a person pays someone else to get rid of.	person
name something a person pays someone else to get rid of.	mice
name something a person pays someone else to get rid of.	old appliances
name something a person pays someone else to get rid of.	debt
name an activity during which you get bored and sleepy.	watching tv
name an activity during which you get bored and sleepy.	reading
name an activity during which you get bored and sleepy.	sporting event
name an activity during which you get bored and sleepy.	board games
name an activity during which you get bored and sleepy.	studying
name an activity during which you get bored and sleepy.	in church
name a drink that really quenches your thirst.	water
name a drink that really quenches your thirst.	coke
name a drink that really quenches your thirst.	tango
name a drink that really quenches your thirst.	beer
name a drink that really quenches your thirst.	lemonade
name a drink that really quenches your thirst.	lucozade
name something shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do.	shoes/socks on
name something shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do.	get through door
name something shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do.	hug/kiss
name something shaquille o'neal probably has to bend down to do.	pick up/play ball
name something you do to an envelope before mailing it.	lick / seal it
name something you do to an envelope before mailing it.	stamp it
name something you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger.	body
name something you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger.	collectibles
name something you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger.	schooling
name something you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger.	family
name something you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger.	money
name something you wish you'd taken better care of when you were younger.	clothes
name an excuse men use for not calling.	lost number
name an excuse men use for not calling.	work
name an excuse men use for not calling.	too busy
name an excuse men use for not calling.	fell asleep
name an excuse men use for not calling.	forgot
name an excuse men use for not calling.	broken phone
name any one of britain's royal family.	prince charles
name any one of britain's royal family.	queen elizabeth
name any one of britain's royal family.	princess diana
name any one of britain's royal family.	prince william
name any one of britain's royal family.	prince philip
name something miss america probably takes off her tiara to do.	shower
name something miss america probably takes off her tiara to do.	go to bed
name something miss america probably takes off her tiara to do.	comb
name something miss america probably takes off her tiara to do.	change clothes
name something people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way.	lie down on bed
name something people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way.	hold breath/gut
name something people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way.	wiggle/jump up
name something people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way.	pull harder
name something people do when they put on their jeans and they can't get them up all the way.	curse/yell
name something roommates fight over.	bathroom
name something roommates fight over.	bills
name something roommates fight over.	phone
name something roommates fight over.	cleaning up
name something roommates fight over.	food
name something roommates fight over.	television
name something roommates fight over.	space
name something roommates fight over.	clothes
name an activity you do at summer camp.	learn to make fire
name an activity you do at summer camp.	canoeing
name an activity you do at summer camp.	roast marshmallows
name an activity you do at summer camp.	go fishing
name a food that people usually eat with their fingers.	french fries
name a food that people usually eat with their fingers.	chicken wings
name a food that people usually eat with their fingers.	pizza
name a food that people usually eat with their fingers.	hamburgers
name a food that people usually eat with their fingers.	hot dog
name a halloween costume you can make at home for cheap.	ghost
name a halloween costume you can make at home for cheap.	witch
name a halloween costume you can make at home for cheap.	hobo
name a halloween costume you can make at home for cheap.	cat
name a household chore that you would want a robot to do.	dishes
name a household chore that you would want a robot to do.	laundry
name a household chore that you would want a robot to do.	clean bathroom
name a household chore that you would want a robot to do.	vacuum
name a household chore that you would want a robot to do.	cook
name a household chore that you would want a robot to do.	sweeping
name something people do to exercise.	running
name something people do to exercise.	martial arts
name something people do to exercise.	sit ups
name something people do to exercise.	lift weights
name something people do to exercise.	yoga
name a place where adults go to relax, but kids go to play.	park
name a place where adults go to relax, but kids go to play.	beach
name something that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing.	making love
name something that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing.	talking/phone
name something that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing.	eating
name something that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing.	driving
name something that's embarrassing to fall asleep while doing.	drinking
name something made for people to put their fingers in.	glove
name something made for people to put their fingers in.	ring
name something made for people to put their fingers in.	bowling ball
name something made for people to put their fingers in.	nose
name something made for people to put their fingers in.	chinese handcuffs
name something made for people to put their fingers in.	fingerpaint
name the most respected newspaper in america.	new york times
name the most respected newspaper in america.	wall st. journal
name the most respected newspaper in america.	national enquirer
name the most respected newspaper in america.	usa today
name the most respected newspaper in america.	daily news
name the most respected newspaper in america.	washington post
name something that's worth taking a chance on.	love/relationship
name something that's worth taking a chance on.	the lottery
name something that's worth taking a chance on.	life
name something that's worth taking a chance on.	new job
name a place that's visited often, that you can't imagine going for a business trip.	hawaii
name a place that's visited often, that you can't imagine going for a business trip.	disney world
name a famous outlaw from the old west.	jesse james
name a famous outlaw from the old west.	billy the kid
name a famous outlaw from the old west.	wild bill hickok
name a famous outlaw from the old west.	butch cassidy
name a famous outlaw from the old west.	doc holliday
name something or someone that hunts pirates.	government
name something or someone that hunts pirates.	other pirates
name something or someone that hunts pirates.	shark
name something or someone that hunts pirates.	ghost
name an event you might hire a band for.	wedding
name an event you might hire a band for.	birthday party
name an event you might hire a band for.	anniversary
name an event you might hire a band for.	graduation
name an event you might hire a band for.	bar
name something a person does often when they're sleepy.	yawn
name something a person does often when they're sleepy.	snore
name something a high school student looks forward to.	graduation
name something a high school student looks forward to.	prom
name something a high school student looks forward to.	summer/vacation
name something a high school student looks forward to.	going to college
name a tv show that has judges.	american idol
name a tv show that has judges.	the voice
name a tv show that has judges.	the people's court
name a tv show that has judges.	dancing with the stars
name something that people "pull down".	shades
name something that people "pull down".	trousers
name something that people "pull down".	windows
name something that people "pull down".	sheets
name something that people "pull down".	zipper
name something that rumbles.	thunder/storms
name something that rumbles.	stomachs
name something that rumbles.	car/engines
name something that rumbles.	earthquakes
name something that grows in length over time.	hair
name something that grows in length over time.	tree
name something that grows in length over time.	people
name something that grows in length over time.	plants
name something that grows in length over time.	vetetables
name something that grows in length over time.	snake
name a ride at disney.	space mountain
name a ride at disney.	teacups
name a ride at disney.	matterhorn bobsled
name a ride at disney.	small world
name a ride at disney.	splash mountain
name a ride at disney.	tower of terror
name a popular imported european car.	mercedes benz
name a popular imported european car.	bmw
name a popular imported european car.	volkswagen
name a popular imported european car.	porsche
name a popular imported european car.	audi
name a popular imported european car.	volvo
name a way people warm up their cold feet in bed.	put on socks
name a way people warm up their cold feet in bed.	put on spouse
name a way people warm up their cold feet in bed.	rub them
name a way people warm up their cold feet in bed.	cover with blanket
name a way people warm up their cold feet in bed.	hot water bottle
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	low pay/salary
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	location/distance
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	schedule/hours
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	don't like job
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	over qualified
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	don't like boss
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	lousy benefits
name a reason why a person might turn down a job.	got better job
name something you might buy for a cat.	catnip
name something you might buy for a cat.	litter box
name something you might buy for a cat.	cat food
name something you might buy for a cat.	yarn
name something you might buy for a cat.	ball
name a candy people eat for halloween.	candy corn
name a candy people eat for halloween.	chocolate bar
name a candy people eat for halloween.	smarties
name a candy people eat for halloween.	reese's
name a type of bean people eat.	baked
name a type of bean people eat.	broad
name a type of bean people eat.	kidney
name a type of bean people eat.	soya
name a type of bean people eat.	string
name a type of bean people eat.	green
name a type of bean people eat.	black
name a type of bean people eat.	red
name something a highway crew might use on a snowy road.	snowplow
name something a highway crew might use on a snowy road.	salt
name something bill gates cannot buy.	love
name something bill gates cannot buy.	happiness
name something bill gates cannot buy.	country
name something bill gates cannot buy.	youth
name something bill gates cannot buy.	yahoo
name something bill gates cannot buy.	me
name something a dog might be wearing.	collar
name something a dog might be wearing.	leash
name someone who might ask to see your driver's license.	police officer
name someone who might ask to see your driver's license.	cashier
name someone who might ask to see your driver's license.	bank teller
name someone who might ask to see your driver's license.	bouncer
name someone who might ask to see your driver's license.	bartender
name something that bounces.	ball
name something that bounces.	check
name something that bounces.	trampoline
name something that bounces.	bouncer
name something you would see a lot of at kansas.	corn
name something you would see a lot of at kansas.	sunflowers
name something you would see a lot of at kansas.	wheat
name something you would see a lot of at kansas.	flat land
name something you would see a lot of at kansas.	cows
name something you would see a lot of at kansas.	tornados
name a four-legged celebrity.	lassie
name a four-legged celebrity.	ed
name a four-legged celebrity.	mister ed
name a four-legged celebrity.	mr ed
name a four-legged celebrity.	benji
name a four-legged celebrity.	rin tin tin
name a four-legged celebrity.	tin tin
name a four-legged celebrity.	trigger
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	spouses
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	pets
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	noses
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	homes
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	illness
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	kids
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	heads
name something you wouldn't want to have two of.	cars
name an animal that has horns.	bull
name an animal that has horns.	goat
name an animal that has horns.	rhino
name an animal that has horns.	cow
name an animal that has horns.	deer
name an animal that has horns.	ram
name something you buy for a new puppy.	bowl
name something you buy for a new puppy.	leash
name something you buy for a new puppy.	dog food
name something you buy for a new puppy.	dog collar
name an american sweetheart.	julia roberts
name an american sweetheart.	marilyn monroe
name an american sweetheart.	reese witherspoon
name an american sweetheart.	shirley temple
name an american sweetheart.	jennifer aniston
name an american sweetheart.	anette funachello
name something you routinely fall asleep while doing.	watching tv
name something you routinely fall asleep while doing.	reading
name something you routinely fall asleep while doing.	talking on phone
name something you routinely fall asleep while doing.	making love
name something that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget.	ride a bike
name something that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget.	tie shoes
name something that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget.	walk
name something that, once you learn how to do it, you never forget.	drive
name a reason you might stop during a road trip.	potty break
name a reason you might stop during a road trip.	get gas
name a reason you might stop during a road trip.	eat
name a reason you might stop during a road trip.	take pictures
name a reason you might stop during a road trip.	attractions
name something with a ribbon.	present
name something with a ribbon.	hair bow
name something with a ribbon.	package
name something with a ribbon.	bonnet
name something with a ribbon.	balloon
name something with a ribbon.	typewriter
name something with a ribbon.	award
name something you pack in the cooler.	ice
name something you pack in the cooler.	beer
name something you pack in the cooler.	soda
name something you pack in the cooler.	water
name something you know about russia.	the cold
name something you know about russia.	communism
name something you know about russia.	snow
name something you know about russia.	vodka
name something you know about russia.	hockey
name a home appliance that can get hot.	iron
name a home appliance that can get hot.	oven
name a home appliance that can get hot.	computer
name a home appliance that can get hot.	toaster
name a home appliance that can get hot.	hair dryer
name a home appliance that can get hot.	microwave
name a talent you wish you had.	singing
name a talent you wish you had.	play instrument
name a talent you wish you had.	athletic ability
name a talent you wish you had.	art
name a talent you wish you had.	dancing
name a talent you wish you had.	cooking
name something specific that's served in a cup.	coffee
name something specific that's served in a cup.	water
name something specific that's served in a cup.	ice cream
name something specific that's served in a cup.	soft drinks
name something specific that's served in a cup.	orange juice
name something specific that's served in a cup.	milk
name a complaint a person might have about their dance partner.	step on feet
name a complaint a person might have about their dance partner.	clumsy
name something that only works with strings attached.	puppet
name something that only works with strings attached.	guitar
name something that only works with strings attached.	violin
name something that only works with strings attached.	yo-yo
name something that only works with strings attached.	kite
name something you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino.	slot machines
name something you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino.	patrons
name something you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino.	chips
name something you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino.	lights
name something you can see a lot of in a las vegas casino.	show girls
name something you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party.	refrigerator
name something you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party.	stove
name something you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party.	air-conditioner
name something you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party.	car
name something you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party.	electricity
name something you would hate to have break down just before you host a big party.	table with food
name something that a person might have a phobia about.	bugs
name something that a person might have a phobia about.	heights
name something that a person might have a phobia about.	enclosed areas
name something that a person might have a phobia about.	the dark
name something that a person might have a phobia about.	snakes
name something that a person might have a phobia about.	water
name someone who might bake you a cake.	mom
name someone who might bake you a cake.	grandmother
name someone who might bake you a cake.	baker
name someone who might bake you a cake.	children
name something that could embarrass an actor onstage.	ye forgeteth line
name something that could embarrass an actor onstage.	tripeth/falleth
name something that could embarrass an actor onstage.	ye pants falleth
name something that could embarrass an actor onstage.	ye fly unzippeth
name something that could embarrass an actor onstage.	ye breaketh wind
name something you need in the desert.	water
name something you need in the desert.	umbrella
name something you need in the desert.	camel
name something you need in the desert.	compass
name a dangerous water sport.	waterskiing
name a dangerous water sport.	surfing
name a dangerous water sport.	boating
name a dangerous water sport.	jetskiing
name a dangerous water sport.	diving
name a dangerous water sport.	waterpolo
name a dangerous water sport.	rafting
name something that's bright.	sun/sunlight
name something that's bright.	lightbulb
name something that's bright.	star
name something that's bright.	diamond
name an occasion when people get sentimental.	wedding
name an occasion when people get sentimental.	funeral
name an occasion when people get sentimental.	anniversary
name an occasion when people get sentimental.	christmas
name an occasion when people get sentimental.	valentine's day
name an occasion when people get sentimental.	birth of child
name something your spouse might do that ticks you off.	snores
name something your spouse might do that ticks you off.	nagging
name something your spouse might do that ticks you off.	makes a mess
name something your spouse might do that ticks you off.	spends too much money
name something your spouse might do that ticks you off.	lying
name someone a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party.	his fiance
name someone a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party.	his ex
name someone a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party.	his mother/father
name someone a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party.	future in-laws
name someone a man wouldn't want to show up at his bachelor party.	his child
name something of yours that is dirty.	send us your answers!
name something of yours that is dirty.	clothes
name something of yours that is dirty.	dishes
name something you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader.	energy
name something you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader.	pom-poms
name something you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader.	team spirit
name something you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader.	exercise
name something you would need a lot of if you were a cheerleader.	uniform
name a complaint people have about hospitals.	food
name a complaint people have about hospitals.	wait
name a complaint people have about hospitals.	cost
name a complaint people have about hospitals.	smell
name a complaint people have about hospitals.	service
name a complaint people have about hospitals.	nurses
name a quality that makes a person a good family doctor.	good listener
name a quality that makes a person a good family doctor.	caring
name a quality that makes a person a good family doctor.	intelligent
name a quality that makes a person a good family doctor.	patience
name a quality that makes a person a good family doctor.	honest
name an nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns.	jerry rice
name an nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns.	terrell owens
name an nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns.	randy moss
name an nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns.	cris carter
name an nfl receiver who has caught a lot of touchdowns.	marvin harrison
name a reason why you might not tip your waiter.	bad service
name a reason why you might not tip your waiter.	rudeness
name a reason why you might not tip your waiter.	slow
name a reason why you might not tip your waiter.	bad food
name a reason why you might not tip your waiter.	wrong order
name something that tastes best when grandma makes it.	cookies
name something that tastes best when grandma makes it.	pie
name something that tastes best when grandma makes it.	cake
name a reason why you might send someone a card.	birthday
name a reason why you might send someone a card.	get well
name a reason why you might send someone a card.	valentine
name a reason why you might send someone a card.	anniversary
name a reason why you might send someone a card.	graduation
name a reason why you might send someone a card.	apologize
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	mozzarella
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	linberger
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	munster
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	roguefort
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	provolone
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	brie
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	gorgonzola
namy a type of cheese with a funny name.	roundelay
name an event you wear a tie to.	wedding
name an event you wear a tie to.	ball
name an event you wear a tie to.	funeral
name a part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age.	fingers
name a part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age.	eyes
name a part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age.	foreheads
name a part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age.	noses
name a part of the body that starts to wrinkle as you age.	neck
name something people do to prevent from getting sick.	vitamins
name something people do to prevent from getting sick.	eat
name something people do to prevent from getting sick.	exercise
name something people do to prevent from getting sick.	visit doctor
name something people do to prevent from getting sick.	take medicine
name something people do to prevent from getting sick.	dress warmly
name something some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs.	dress them
name something some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs.	hold
name something some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs.	baby talk
name something some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs.	stroller
name something some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs.	carry
name something some women do with their little babies, that other women do with their little dogs.	kiss them
name something real or fictional, known for their nose.	pinocchio
name something real or fictional, known for their nose.	jimmy durante
name something real or fictional, known for their nose.	cyrano
name something real or fictional, known for their nose.	barbara streisan
name something real or fictional, known for their nose.	bob hope
name something real or fictional, known for their nose.	jay leno
name something you cannot live without.	air
name something you cannot live without.	food
name something you cannot live without.	water
name something you cannot live without.	money
name something you cannot live without.	cell phone
name something you cannot live without.	love
name something students do when they forget to study for a test.	cheat
name something students do when they forget to study for a test.	cram
name something students do when they forget to study for a test.	fail
name something students do when they forget to study for a test.	play sick
name something students do when they forget to study for a test.	cut school
name something people put off doing to their cars that they should do more often	wash/wax
name something people put off doing to their cars that they should do more often	change oil
name something you love about winter.	snow
name something you love about winter.	christmas
name something you love about winter.	snowmen
name something you love about winter.	the cold
name something a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves.	get food/drinks
name something a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves.	load luggage
name something a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves.	find own seat
name something a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves.	blanket/pillows
name something a really cheap airline might make passengers do for themselves.	fly the plane
name a decoration people put outside their house at christmas.	lights
name a decoration people put outside their house at christmas.	wreath
name a decoration people put outside their house at christmas.	santa
name a decoration people put outside their house at christmas.	tree
name a decoration people put outside their house at christmas.	nativity scene
name a decoration people put outside their house at christmas.	snowman
name something specific that shines at night.	stars
name something specific that shines at night.	moon
name something specific that shines at night.	lights
name something specific that shines at night.	fireflies
name something specific that shines at night.	eyes
name a specific place where you'd see bunk beds.	kid's bedroom
name a specific place where you'd see bunk beds.	summer camp
name a specific place where you'd see bunk beds.	military barracks
name a specific place where you'd see bunk beds.	furniture store
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	wrench
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	monkey wrench
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	car jack
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	jack
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	screwdriver
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	iron
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	crowbar
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	tireiron
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	chains
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	tire chains
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	cables
name a tool a tow truck driver carries with him.	jumper cables
name something a man pulls up.	trousers
name something a man pulls up.	socks
name something a man pulls up.	weeds
name something a man pulls up.	zipper
name something a man pulls up.	body
name something a man pulls up.	car
name something parents get tired of reminding their kids to do.	clean room
name something parents get tired of reminding their kids to do.	brush teeth
name something parents get tired of reminding their kids to do.	homework
name something parents get tired of reminding their kids to do.	wash hands
name something women worry about when throwing a dinner party.	food
name something women worry about when throwing a dinner party.	cleanliness
name something women worry about when throwing a dinner party.	guests
name something women worry about when throwing a dinner party.	table
name something women worry about when throwing a dinner party.	timing
name something women worry about when throwing a dinner party.	enjoyment
name a gift your partner might not appreciate.	vacuum
name a gift your partner might not appreciate.	socks
name a gift your partner might not appreciate.	appliances
name a gift your partner might not appreciate.	underwear
name a gift your partner might not appreciate.	divorce papers
name a gift your partner might not appreciate.	new clothes
name something people do on a nice day.	sunbathe
name something people do on a nice day.	gardening
name something people do on a nice day.	bike ride
name something people do on a nice day.	go swimming
name something that has pipes	organ
name something that has pipes	plumbing
name something that has pipes	car
name something that has pipes	bagpipes
name a brand you can recognize just by its logo.	nike
name a brand you can recognize just by its logo.	kellogg's
name a brand you can recognize just by its logo.	mcdonald's
name a brand you can recognize just by its logo.	campbell's
name a brand you can recognize just by its logo.	polo
name a brand you can recognize just by its logo.	coca cola
name a place where some people prefer to sit in the back.	movie/theater
name a place where some people prefer to sit in the back.	bus
name a place where some people prefer to sit in the back.	church
name a place where some people prefer to sit in the back.	car/limo
name a place where some people prefer to sit in the back.	classroom
name a place where some people prefer to sit in the back.	airplane
name something you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired.	disrespect boss
name something you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired.	steal
name something you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired.	don't work/sleep
name something you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired.	not show up
name something you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired.	in late/out early
name something you'd do at work if you really wanted to get fired.	alcohol/drunk
name something adults do even though they know it's bad for their health	smoke
name something adults do even though they know it's bad for their health	drink
name some place you might find your cat hiding.	under the bed
name some place you might find your cat hiding.	under the couch
name some place you might find your cat hiding.	closets
name some place you might find your cat hiding.	up a tree
name some place you might find your cat hiding.	paper bags
name a food that gets chopped	onions
name a food that gets chopped	carrots
name the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals.	bad food
name the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals.	high cost
name the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals.	staff
name the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals.	waiting
name the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals.	doctors
name the biggest gripe patients have about hospitals.	being sick
name something a kid might leave behind on a school bus.	lunchbox
name something a kid might leave behind on a school bus.	books
name something a kid might leave behind on a school bus.	backpack
name something a kid might leave behind on a school bus.	coat
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	drink
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	eat
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	read
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	sleep
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	write
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	go to bathroom
name something that's difficult to do on a turbulent air flight:	relax
name something japanese that americans love.	sushi
name something japanese that americans love.	cars
name something japanese that americans love.	comic books
name something japanese that americans love.	electronics
name something japanese that americans love.	video games
name something japanese that americans love.	green tea
name a punk rock band.	ramones
name a punk rock band.	the clash
name a punk rock band.	sex pistols
name a punk rock band.	green day
name a punk rock band.	offspring
name a language that you often see restaurant menus written in.	english
name a language that you often see restaurant menus written in.	french
name a language that you often see restaurant menus written in.	italian
name a language that you often see restaurant menus written in.	spanish
name a language that you often see restaurant menus written in.	chinese
name an occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over.	sports announcer
name an occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over.	coach
name an occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over.	acting
name an occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over.	tv ads
name an occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over.	restaurant owners
name an occupation well-known athletes turn to when their playing days are over.	insurance salesman
name someone who spends a lot of time in church.	clergyman
name someone who spends a lot of time in church.	congregant
name someone who spends a lot of time in church.	nun
name someone who spends a lot of time in church.	the pope
name an animal you might see at the zoo.	elephant
name an animal you might see at the zoo.	monkey
name an animal you might see at the zoo.	lion
name an animal you might see at the zoo.	giraffe
name an animal you might see at the zoo.	zebra
name an animal you might see at the zoo.	tiger
name a place where you listen to music.	car
name a place where you listen to music.	nightclub
name a place where you listen to music.	concert
name a place where you listen to music.	bedroom
name a place where you listen to music.	home
name a place where you listen to music.	music shop
name a kind of place you feel better leaving than going.	work
name a kind of place you feel better leaving than going.	dentist/doctor
name a kind of place you feel better leaving than going.	hospital
name a kind of place you feel better leaving than going.	funeral/cemetery
name a kind of place you feel better leaving than going.	prison
name a kind of place you feel better leaving than going.	bathroom
name a reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good.	bad service
name a reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good.	expensive
name a reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good.	dirty/infested
name a reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good.	crowded
name a reason you'd avoid going to a certain restaurant even if their food is good.	location
name a food that is deep-fried.	chicken
name a food that is deep-fried.	potatoes/fries
name a food that is deep-fried.	seafood/fish
name a food that is deep-fried.	eggplant
name a place where you might find sand.	beach
name a place where you might find sand.	hourglass
name a place where you might find sand.	desert
name a place where you might find sand.	construction site
name a place where you might find sand.	sandbox
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	bar
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	church
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	party
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	hospital
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	in a crowd
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	the opera
name a kind of place where you feel out of place.	a dance
name an occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes.	accountant/cpa
name an occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes.	doctor/dentist
name an occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes.	lawyer
name an occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes.	self employed
name an occupation that's most likely to cheat on taxes.	food server
name something which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into.	money
name something which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into.	free time
name something which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into.	girl/boyfriends
name something which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into.	bills/credit card
name something which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into.	alcoholic drinks
name something which the more you have, the more trouble you're likely to get into.	guns
name a child actor who grew up too fast.	lindsay lohan
name a child actor who grew up too fast.	drew barrymore
name a child actor who grew up too fast.	macaulay culkin
name a child actor who grew up too fast.	justin beiber
name a child actor who grew up too fast.	judy garland
name something you might see advertised during the superbowl.	beer
name something you might see advertised during the superbowl.	soda
name something you might see advertised during the superbowl.	cars
name something you might see advertised during the superbowl.	chips
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	subway
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	amusement park
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	stadium
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	grocery
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	department store
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	movie theater
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	drugstore
name a place where you'd go through a turnstile:	zoo
name something or someone with fangs.	vampire
name something or someone with fangs.	dracula
name something or someone with fangs.	snakes
name something or someone with fangs.	wolves
name something or someone with fangs.	bats
name an unusual place where babies are sometimes born.	car/taxi
name an unusual place where babies are sometimes born.	airplane
name an unusual place where babies are sometimes born.	at home
name an unusual place where babies are sometimes born.	elevator
name something that gets checked out.	library books
name something that gets checked out.	groceries
name something that gets checked out.	someone's body
name something you would expect to see at a gym.	weights
name something you would expect to see at a gym.	treadmill
name something you would expect to see at a gym.	people
name something you would expect to see at a gym.	mirrors
name something you would expect to see at a gym.	towels
name an occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip.	hairdresser
name an occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip.	nurse
name an occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip.	secretary/recept.
name an occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip.	clergy
name an occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip.	reporter
name an occupation in which you'd get to hear a lot of good gossip.	operator
name a type of tv program people watch in the afternoon.	soap opera
name a type of tv program people watch in the afternoon.	talk shows
name a type of tv program people watch in the afternoon.	news
name something a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home:	milk
name something a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home:	bread
name something a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home:	dinner
name something a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home:	dry cleaning
name something a wife asks her husband to pick up on the way home:	children
name a profession that should only be done by very smart people.	doctor
name a profession that should only be done by very smart people.	engineer
name a profession that should only be done by very smart people.	astronaut
name a profession that should only be done by very smart people.	teacher
name something you might put on toast.	butter
name something you might put on toast.	jam
name something you might put on toast.	peanut butter
name something you might put on toast.	nutella
name an invention that made the world smaller.	the internet
name an invention that made the world smaller.	airplanes
name an invention that made the world smaller.	telephones
name an invention that made the world smaller.	computers
name something of yours that is in terrible condition.	car
name something of yours that is in terrible condition.	clothes/shoes
name something of yours that is in terrible condition.	body/health
name something of yours that is in terrible condition.	house
name something of yours that is in terrible condition.	furniture
name a meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat.	ribs
name a meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat.	wings
name a meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat.	seafood
name a meal that even dad might wear a bib to eat.	steak
name a kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry.	train/subway
name a kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry.	on the roads
name a kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry.	airport
name a kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry.	supermarket
name a kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry.	work
name a kind of place where everyone always seems to be in a hurry.	mall
name something you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant.	perfume
name something you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant.	baby powder
name something you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant.	baking soda
name something you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant.	soap
name something you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant.	lotion
name something you might put on your armpits if you ran out of deodorant.	lemon
name something you find in a photo lab.	photos
name something you find in a photo lab.	film
name something you find in a photo lab.	negatives
name something you find in a photo lab.	chemicals
name something you find in a photo lab.	paper
name something you find in a photo lab.	camera
name someone you might see in a parade.	buffoons
name someone you might see in a parade.	clown
name someone you might see in a parade.	jesters
name someone you might see in a parade.	mayor
name someone you might see in a parade.	symphony
name someone you might see in a parade.	orchestra
name someone you might see in a parade.	music
name someone you might see in a parade.	marching band
name someone you might see in a parade.	band
name someone you might see in a parade.	woodwind
name someone you might see in a parade.	instruments
name someone you might see in a parade.	st nick
name someone you might see in a parade.	santa claus
name someone you might see in a parade.	pere noel
name someone you might see in a parade.	claus
name someone you might see in a parade.	father christmas
name someone you might see in a parade.	kris kringle
name someone you might see in a parade.	prom queen
name someone you might see in a parade.	queen
name someone you might see in a parade.	beauty queen
name someone you might see in a parade.	fire marhshall
name someone you might see in a parade.	marshall
name something you might put on a baby.	nappy
name something you might put on a baby.	bib
name something you might put on a baby.	clothes
name something you might put on a baby.	bonnet
name something you might put on a baby.	hat
name something you might put on a baby.	booties
name something you might put on a baby.	jumpsuit
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	housework/laundry
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	cooking
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	grocery shopping
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	shave legs/wax
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	going to work
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	going to doctor
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	exercising
name something that many women hate doing but they do it anyway.	making love
name a food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks.	hot dog
name a food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks.	hamburger
name a food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks.	burrito
name a food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks.	pizza
name a food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks.	nachos
name a food you buy at a convenience store that looks like it has been under the heat lamp for weeks.	sandwich
name something a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth.	fingers
name something a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth.	toys
name something a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth.	money
name something a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth.	dirt
name something a parent might tell their child not to put in their mouth.	paper
name something people pound.	meat
name something people pound.	table
name something people pound.	nails
name something people pound.	pavement
name something you see in a courtroom.	judge
name something you see in a courtroom.	lawyers
name something you see in a courtroom.	jury
name something you see in a courtroom.	bailiff
name something you see in a courtroom.	gavel
name a tv show you think ended too soon.	friends
name a tv show you think ended too soon.	seinfeld
name a tv show you think ended too soon.	firefly
name a tv show you think ended too soon.	m.a.s.h.
name a tv show you think ended too soon.	cheers
name someone who is famous for helping people.	robin hood
name someone who is famous for helping people.	oprah winfrey
name someone who is famous for helping people.	ellen degeneres
name someone who is famous for helping people.	mahatma gandhi
name someone who is famous for helping people.	superman
name a book where the main hero is a kid.	harry potter
name a book where the main hero is a kid.	peter pan
name a book where the main hero is a kid.	tom sawyer
name a book where the main hero is a kid.	huck finn
name a food that has an acquired taste.	caviar
name a food that has an acquired taste.	sushi
name a food that has an acquired taste.	brussel sprouts
name a food that has an acquired taste.	oysters
name a food that has an acquired taste.	fish
name a food that has an acquired taste.	pizza
name something that teeth do.	chew
name something that teeth do.	chatter
name something that teeth do.	bite
name something that teeth do.	grind
name something that teeth do.	rot
name something that teeth do.	hurt
name something you donate to charity.	clothes
name something you donate to charity.	money
name something you donate to charity.	car
name something you donate to charity.	your time
name something you donate to charity.	canned goods
name something a doctor might advise you to do.	rest
name something a doctor might advise you to do.	lose weight
name something a doctor might advise you to do.	quit smoking
name something a doctor might advise you to do.	exercise
name something a doctor might advise you to do.	fluids
name something a doctor might advise you to do.	medicine
name something you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally.	money
name something you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally.	anything
name something you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally.	car
name something you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally.	jewelry
name something you'd never accept from a friend if you knew they got it illegally.	television
name something that some people just cannot hold onto.	money
name the top things children tend to lie about.	homework
name the top things children tend to lie about.	grades
name the top things children tend to lie about.	breaking things
name the top things children tend to lie about.	stealing
name the top things children tend to lie about.	brushing teeth
name the top things children tend to lie about.	house chores
name something a hollywood leading man needs.	leading woman
name something a hollywood leading man needs.	good looks
name a fast food restaurant kids love.	mcdonalds
name a fast food restaurant kids love.	burger king
name a sport that a lot of senior citizens play.	golf
name a sport that a lot of senior citizens play.	bingo
name a sport that a lot of senior citizens play.	shuffleboard
name a sport that a lot of senior citizens play.	cards
name a sport that a lot of senior citizens play.	bowling
name a sport that a lot of senior citizens play.	bocce
name something you'd hate to drop if you were holding it.	glass
name something you'd hate to drop if you were holding it.	baby
name something you'd hate to drop if you were holding it.	food
name something you'd hate to drop if you were holding it.	hot water
name something you'd hate to drop if you were holding it.	telephone
name something you can ride.	bicycle
name something you can ride.	send us your answers!
name something you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office.	magazines
name something you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office.	patients
name something you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office.	chairs
name something you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office.	water cooler
name something you find in the waiting room of a doctor's office.	hand sanitizer
name the worse thing a policeman could find in your car.	weapons
name the worse thing a policeman could find in your car.	open alcohol
name the worse thing a policeman could find in your car.	dead body
name the worse thing a policeman could find in your car.	no seat belt
name something people use to help them find a lost item.	flashlight
name something people use to help them find a lost item.	their memory
name something people use to help them find a lost item.	metal detector
name something people use to help them find a lost item.	dog
name something people use to help them find a lost item.	eyes/glasses
name something people use to help them find a lost item.	friend's help
name something that squeaks.	mouse
name something that squeaks.	door
name something that squeaks.	floors
name something that squeaks.	dog toy
name something that squeaks.	bed
name something that squeaks.	brakes
name a reason someone might tell you to close your eyes.	surprise
name a reason someone might tell you to close your eyes.	kissing
name a reason someone might tell you to close your eyes.	sleep
name a reason someone might tell you to close your eyes.	playing game
name a reason someone might tell you to close your eyes.	doctor's office
name something a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off.	nothing
name something a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off.	watching tv
name something a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off.	working
name something a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off.	golfing
name something a wife doesn't like to see her husband doing on his day off.	video game
name something you might ask someone to do to your back.	massage/rub it
name something you might ask someone to do to your back.	scratch it
name something you might ask someone to do to your back.	walk on it
name something you might ask someone to do to your back.	crack it
name something that you need gloves to handle.	hot dish
name something that you need gloves to handle.	poop
name something that you need gloves to handle.	blood
name something that you need gloves to handle.	food
name something that you need gloves to handle.	chemicals
name something that you need gloves to handle.	snow
name something in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding.	in the closet
name something in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding.	under the bed
name something in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding.	in the basement
name something in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding.	in the attic
name something in his house a little kid might think a monster is hiding.	"upstairs"
name a musical instrument played at weddings:	organ
name a musical instrument played at weddings:	piano
name a musical instrument played at weddings:	violin
name a musical instrument played at weddings:	harp
name a musical instrument played at weddings:	guitar
name a musical instrument played at weddings:	flute
name something some people seem to do non-stop.	talk
name something some people seem to do non-stop.	eat
name something some people seem to do non-stop.	work
name something some people seem to do non-stop.	drive
name something some people seem to do non-stop.	e-mail
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	plumber
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	salesperson
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	housekeeper
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	police officer
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	real estate agent
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	electrician
name a profession in which you'd often go into strangers' houses.	cable installer
name something you wish you could trade in for a new one.	car
name something you wish you could trade in for a new one.	partner
name something you wish you could trade in for a new one.	television
name something you wish you could trade in for a new one.	house
name a disney movie that does not have a female villain.	aladdin
name a disney movie that does not have a female villain.	peter pan
name a disney movie that does not have a female villain.	bambi
name a disney movie that does not have a female villain.	toy story
name a disney movie that does not have a female villain.	pinocchio
name a disney movie that does not have a female villain.	princess and the frog
name something that might take blood from you.	mosquito
name something that might take blood from you.	doctor
name something that might take blood from you.	leech
name something that might take blood from you.	vampire
name something that might take blood from you.	needle
name something that might take blood from you.	snake
name a way in which people treat their dogs like humans.	sleep with them
name a way in which people treat their dogs like humans.	talk to them
name a way in which people treat their dogs like humans.	dress them
name a way in which people treat their dogs like humans.	feed them
name a way in which people treat their dogs like humans.	kiss them
name something a husband does more of if his wife works.	housework/laundry
name something a husband does more of if his wife works.	cooks
name something a husband does more of if his wife works.	watches the kids
name something a husband does more of if his wife works.	watches tv/movies
name something a husband does more of if his wife works.	has affair
name something a husband does more of if his wife works.	spends the money
name something that changes as kids get older.	height
name something that changes as kids get older.	voice
name something that changes as kids get older.	looks
name something that changes as kids get older.	attitude
name something that changes as kids get older.	hair
name something that changes as kids get older.	age
name something that changes as kids get older.	clothes
name a good gift for a stamp collector.	stamp
name a good gift for a stamp collector.	album
name one of the specific times when you usually look your worst.	morning
name one of the specific times when you usually look your worst.	sick
name one of the specific times when you usually look your worst.	after house
name one of the specific times when you usually look your worst.	asleep
name one of the specific times when you usually look your worst.	after a workout
name one of the specific times when you usually look your worst.	after work
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	oprah winfrey
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	maury povich
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	dr. phil
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	jerry springer
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	montel williams
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	the view
name a talk show where you always see the guests crying.	tyra banks
name a kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch:	pineapple
name a kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch:	orange
name a kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch:	papaya
name a kind of juice you'd find in a tropical fruit punch:	guava
name something you might see on a tourist who just came back from hawaii	lei
name something you might see on a tourist who just came back from hawaii	hawaiian shirt
name something you wear on your hands.	gloves
name something you wear on your hands.	rings
name something you wear on your hands.	nail polish
name something you wear on your hands.	tattoos
name a reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks.	talking
name a reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks.	phone rings
name a reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks.	coughing
name a reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks.	tooting
name a reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks.	making out
name a reason the people sitting around you in a movie theater would give you dirty looks.	chewing loudly
name a holiday that's probably more important to women than men.	valentine's day
name a holiday that's probably more important to women than men.	mother's day
name a holiday that's probably more important to women than men.	christmas
name a holiday that's probably more important to women than men.	thanksgiving
name a holiday that's probably more important to women than men.	easter
name something you are always afraid to check.	bank account
name something you are always afraid to check.	mail
name something you are always afraid to check.	bills
name something you are always afraid to check.	basement
name something you are always afraid to check.	weight
name something you are always afraid to check.	under the bed
name something that's fluffy.	pillows
name something that's fluffy.	bunnies
name something that's fluffy.	cotton
name something that's fluffy.	teddy bears
name something that's fluffy.	clouds
name something that's fluffy.	dogs
name something you would not wear to a funeral.	shorts
name something you would not wear to a funeral.	bathing suits
name something you would not wear to a funeral.	evening gown
name something you would not wear to a funeral.	wedding dress
name a us state that has big mountains.	colorado
name a us state that has big mountains.	washington
name a us state that has big mountains.	montana
name a us state that has big mountains.	north carolina
name a us state that has big mountains.	utah
name a us state that has big mountains.	west virginia
name a us state that has big mountains.	west virgina
name a character in one of shakespeare's plays.	hamlet
name a character in one of shakespeare's plays.	romeo
name a character in one of shakespeare's plays.	macbeth
name a character in one of shakespeare's plays.	othello
name a character in one of shakespeare's plays.	juliet
name a character in one of shakespeare's plays.	julius caesar
name a holiday when people drink a lot.	new year's
name a holiday when people drink a lot.	christmas
name a holiday when people drink a lot.	st. patrick's day
name a holiday when people drink a lot.	july 4th
name the sexiest actor working today.	brad pitt
name the sexiest actor working today.	channing tatum
name the sexiest actor working today.	george clooney
name the sexiest actor working today.	denzel washington
name the sexiest actor working today.	ryan gosling
name the sexiest actor working today.	matthew mcconaughey
name a fruit that's green when it's ripe.	apple
name a fruit that's green when it's ripe.	kiwi
name a fruit that's green when it's ripe.	grapes
name a fruit that's green when it's ripe.	pear
name a fruit that's green when it's ripe.	avocado
name a fruit that's green when it's ripe.	lime
name an actor or actress who is politically outspoken.	jane fonda
name an actor or actress who is politically outspoken.	oprah winfrey
name an actor or actress who is politically outspoken.	arnold s
name an actor or actress who is politically outspoken.	sean penn
name an actor or actress who is politically outspoken.	george clooney
name an actor or actress who is politically outspoken.	tom cruise
name something you might see on a trip to paris.	eiffel tower
name something you might see on a trip to paris.	croissant
name something you might see on a trip to paris.	the louvre
name something you might see on a trip to paris.	people
name something you might see on a trip to paris.	notre dame de paris
name another expression for "getting married."	hitched
name another expression for "getting married."	tie the knot
name a band that has been around for a long time.	the rolling stones
name a band that has been around for a long time.	kiss
name a band that has been around for a long time.	aerosmith
name a band that has been around for a long time.	bon jovi
name a band that has been around for a long time.	ac/dc
name a reason you might stand up a date.	illness
name a reason you might stand up a date.	don't like
name a reason you might stand up a date.	family emergency
name a reason you might stand up a date.	changed mind
name a reason you might stand up a date.	accidents
name a reason you might stand up a date.	on another date
name something you might see at a luau.	food
name something you might see at a luau.	dancers
name something you might see at a luau.	lei
name something you might see at a luau.	grass skirts
name something you might see at a luau.	bonfire
name something specific a kid might do to earn their allowance.	wash dishes
name something specific a kid might do to earn their allowance.	mow lawn
name something specific a kid might do to earn their allowance.	clean bedroom
name something specific a kid might do to earn their allowance.	take out garbage
name something specific a kid might do to earn their allowance.	care for pets
name a famous person with nelson in their name.	nelson mandela
name a famous person with nelson in their name.	willie nelson
name a famous person with nelson in their name.	ricky nelson
name a famous person with nelson in their name.	rockefeller
name a famous person with nelson in their name.	admiral
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	barbecue
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	swimming
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	meetings
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	hiking
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	camping
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	team building
name something an office summer retreat might entail.	fishing
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	time
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	space
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	peace and quiet
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	sleep
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	seats
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	bed
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	clean house
name something you would have to sacrifice if you hosted thanksgiving.	football
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	alaska
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	north dakota
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	maine
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	nebraska
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	colorado
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	minnesota
name a state that's too cold for a nudist to live.	connecticut
name something hawaii has more of than any other state.	pineapples
name something hawaii has more of than any other state.	beaches/water
name something hawaii has more of than any other state.	volcanoes
name something hawaii has more of than any other state.	palm trees
name something hawaii has more of than any other state.	flowers/leis
name something hawaii has more of than any other state.	grass skirts
name something that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood.	stereo
name something that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood.	tires
name something that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood.	radio
name something that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood.	hubcaps
name something that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood.	wheels
name something that might be missing from your car if you parked it in a bad neighborhood.	whole car
name something you might order in a french restaurant.	escargot
name something you might order in a french restaurant.	wine
name something you might order in a french restaurant.	crepes
name something you might order in a french restaurant.	baguette
name something you might order in a french restaurant.	croissants
name a clever animal.	cat
name a clever animal.	owl
name a clever animal.	elephant
name a clever animal.	fox
name a clever animal.	squirrel
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	deodorant
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	cologne/aft'shave
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	shaving cream
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	soap/shampoo
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	toothpaste/brush
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	razor
name a hygiene product a man might not use when on a camping trip.	toilet paper
name something a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant.	eat/gains weight
name something a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant.	goes to bathroom
name something a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant.	sleeps
name something a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant.	throws up
name something a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant.	cries
name something a woman does a lot more if she's pregnant.	complains/nags
name something for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz.	for a heart
name something for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz.	to go home
name something for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz.	for courage
name something for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz.	for a brain
name something for which dorothy and her friends asked the wizard of oz.	where road go?
name something you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas.	snow
name something you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas.	lights
name something you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas.	trees
name something you see that makes you realize it's beginning to look a lot like christmas.	crowded malls
name something a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it.	fly away
name something a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it.	poop
name something a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it.	die
name something a bird might do during a magicians act that could ruin it.	disappear
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	george clooney
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	clooney
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	brad pitt
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	pitt
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	johnny depp
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	depp
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	tom cruise
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	cruise
name a hollywood hunk women might want to be in a love scene with?	harrison ford
name something people shoot.	animals
name something people shoot.	guns
name something people shoot.	"the breeze"
name something people shoot.	basketballs
name something people shoot.	arrows
name an occasion for which people wear their very best clothes.	wedding
name an occasion for which people wear their very best clothes.	church
name an occasion for which people wear their very best clothes.	easter
name an occasion for which people wear their very best clothes.	party
name an occasion for which people wear their very best clothes.	funeral
name an occasion for which people wear their very best clothes.	graduation
name something people do to "get smart".	read
name something people do to "get smart".	study
name something people do to "get smart".	go to school
name something people do to "get smart".	crossword puzzle
name something people do to "get smart".	smart pills
name something where the bigger it is, the more it costs.	house
name something where the bigger it is, the more it costs.	diamond
name something where the bigger it is, the more it costs.	car
name something where the bigger it is, the more it costs.	steak
name something where the bigger it is, the more it costs.	television
name something where the bigger it is, the more it costs.	store
name a compliment men like to receive.	good looking
name a compliment men like to receive.	nice body
name a compliment men like to receive.	nice hair
name a compliment men like to receive.	nice tie
name a compliment men like to receive.	look young
name a compliment men like to receive.	nice car
name a compliment men like to receive.	nice dresser
name an animal seen in mexico:	burro
name an animal seen in mexico:	lizard
name an animal seen in mexico:	bull
name an animal seen in mexico:	dog
name an animal seen in mexico:	horse
name an animal seen in mexico:	armadillo
name an animal seen in mexico:	cat
name an animal seen in mexico:	cow
name a term often used in golf.	fore
name a term often used in golf.	par
name a term often used in golf.	hole in one
name a term often used in golf.	birdie
name a term often used in golf.	tee
name a term often used in golf.	bogey
name something that's often served with chips	dip
name something that's often served with chips	salsa
name a type of shopping that many people dislike doing.	grocery
name a type of shopping that many people dislike doing.	christmas
name something that squirts.	water gun
name something that squirts.	hose
name something that squirts.	ketchup
name something that squirts.	lemon
name something that squirts.	squid
name something that comes in nuggets.	gold
name something that comes in nuggets.	chicken
name something that comes in nuggets.	wings
name something that comes in nuggets.	hen
name something that comes in nuggets.	rooster
name something that comes in nuggets.	sweets
name something that comes in nuggets.	suckers
name something that comes in nuggets.	lollipops
name something that comes in nuggets.	licorice
name something that comes in nuggets.	candy
name something that comes in nuggets.	bonbons
name something that comes in nuggets.	chocolate
name something a man doesn't like being turned down for.	sex
name something a man doesn't like being turned down for.	date
name something a man doesn't like being turned down for.	job
name something a man doesn't like being turned down for.	credit/loan
name something people do with a stick.	stickball
name something people do with a stick.	walk
name something people do with a stick.	throw
name something people do with a stick.	poke
name something people do with a stick.	roast marshmellows
name something people do with a stick.	start fire
name a country with champion skiiers.	canada
name a country with champion skiiers.	switzerland
name a country with champion skiiers.	austria
name a country with champion skiiers.	australia
name a country with champion skiiers.	norway
name a country with champion skiiers.	sweden
name a famous character from lord of the rings.	frodo baggins
name a famous character from lord of the rings.	gandalf
name a famous character from lord of the rings.	gollum
name a famous character from lord of the rings.	samwise
name a famous character from lord of the rings.	bilbo baggins
name a subject some people consider "personal".	love life
name a subject some people consider "personal".	finances
name a subject some people consider "personal".	religion
name a subject some people consider "personal".	weight
name a subject some people consider "personal".	health
name something that happens to a celebrity that makes the news.	divorce
name something that happens to a celebrity that makes the news.	marriage
name something that happens to a celebrity that makes the news.	affair
name something that happens to a celebrity that makes the news.	arrested
name something that happens to a celebrity that makes the news.	death
name something that happens to a celebrity that makes the news.	rehab
name something you do everyday that the queen of england has never done.	housework
name something you do everyday that the queen of england has never done.	work
name something you do everyday that the queen of england has never done.	cook
name something you do everyday that the queen of england has never done.	drive
name something you do everyday that the queen of england has never done.	dress herself
name the person you would most like to be stranded with.	spouse
name the person you would most like to be stranded with.	family
name the person you would most like to be stranded with.	best friend
name the person you would most like to be stranded with.	jennifer aniston
name the person you would most like to be stranded with.	denzel washington
name the person you would most like to be stranded with.	brad pitt
name something you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there.	kind of food?
name something you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there.	inspection grade?
name something you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there.	how expensive?
name something you want to know about a restaurant before you eat there.	how's service?
name a trick you do with a yo-yo.	walk the dog
name a trick you do with a yo-yo.	around the world
name a trick you do with a yo-yo.	rock the baby
name a trick you do with a yo-yo.	spaghetti
name a trick you do with a yo-yo.	spin it
name a trick you do with a yo-yo.	cradle
name a sport that is played with a ball.	football
name a sport that is played with a ball.	baseball
name a sport that is played with a ball.	basketball
name a sport that is played with a ball.	soccer
name a sport that is played with a ball.	tennis
name something tourists see in egypt.	pyramids
name something tourists see in egypt.	camels
name something tourists see in egypt.	sand
name something tourists see in egypt.	sphinx
name something tourists see in egypt.	tourists
name something tourists see in egypt.	mummies
name something tourists see in egypt.	egyptians
name something tourists see in egypt.	tombs
name something you might have to do if you got a speeding ticket	pay money
name something you might have to do if you got a speeding ticket	go to court
name something about some people's voices that's very annoying.	pitch
name something about some people's voices that's very annoying.	loud
name something about some people's voices that's very annoying.	nasal
name something about some people's voices that's very annoying.	whiney
name something about some people's voices that's very annoying.	squeaky
name something about some people's voices that's very annoying.	hoarse
name a day to display the flag.	fourth of july
name a day to display the flag.	memorial day
name a day to display the flag.	flag day
name a day to display the flag.	everyday
name a day to display the flag.	patriot day
name something people put in the microwave that they shouldn't.	foil
name something people put in the microwave that they shouldn't.	plastic
name something people put in the microwave that they shouldn't.	fork
name something that is harder to do in the snow.	walk
name something that is harder to do in the snow.	drive
name a christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do.	opening presents
name a christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do.	decorating the tree
name a christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do.	eating sweets
name a christmas activity that adults get just as excited about as their kids do.	singing carols
name something that softens with age.	skin
name something that softens with age.	fruit
name something that softens with age.	leather
name something that softens with age.	cheese
name something that softens with age.	nanna
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	cactus
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	cold chair
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	hot rock
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	sand
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	tack
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	tree stump
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	broken glass
name something a nudist wouldn't want to sit on.	ice
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	airport
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	movies
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	hotel
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	restaurant
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	train station
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	bus terminal
name a place in a big city where people fight over taxis:	mall
name something it's nice to do in front of a fire.	cuddle
name something it's nice to do in front of a fire.	sleep
name something it's nice to do in front of a fire.	marshmellows
name something it's nice to do in front of a fire.	read
name something it's nice to do in front of a fire.	sit
name something it's nice to do in front of a fire.	talk
name an animal with long ears.	rabbit
name an animal with long ears.	dog
name an animal with long ears.	elephant
name an animal with long ears.	donkey/mule
name a former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in.	ronald reagan
name a former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in.	john kennedy
name a former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in.	abraham lincoln
name a former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in.	fdr
name a former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in.	bill clinton
name a former president you wish were around to get america out of the mess it's in.	teddy roosevelt
name something you might get at a movie concession stand to go with your popcorn.	soda
name something you might get at a movie concession stand to go with your popcorn.	butter
name a movie that is set in outer space.	starwars
name a movie that is set in outer space.	star trek
name a movie that is set in outer space.	2001
name a movie that is set in outer space.	lost in space
name a movie that is set in outer space.	apollo 13
name a movie that is set in outer space.	alien
name something other countries think the united states has too much of.	money
name something other countries think the united states has too much of.	freedom
name something other countries think the united states has too much of.	arrogance
name something other countries think the united states has too much of.	overweight people
name something other countries think the united states has too much of.	food
name something other countries think the united states has too much of.	material possessions
name something you might ask a bathroom attendant for	towels
name something you might ask a bathroom attendant for	toilet paper
name something about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman.	his hair
name something about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman.	clothes/zipper
name something about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman.	face/shave
name something about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman.	his breath
name something about his appearance that a man checks before he approaches an attractive woman.	his teeth
name something that people are said to "bask in."	the sun
name something that people are said to "bask in."	their glory
name something that people are said to "bask in."	their wealth
name something that people are said to "bask in."	the glow
name something that people are said to "bask in."	the spotlight
name a sign that two people are in love.	kissing
name a sign that two people are in love.	hold hands
name a sign that two people are in love.	married
name a sign that two people are in love.	smiling
name a sign that two people are in love.	always together
name a tv animal you wish you could have as a pet.	lassie
name a tv animal you wish you could have as a pet.	garfield
name a tv animal you wish you could have as a pet.	flipper
name a tv animal you wish you could have as a pet.	benji
name a tv animal you wish you could have as a pet.	mr. ed
name a country with a history of seafaring men.	norway
name a country with a history of seafaring men.	england
name a country with a history of seafaring men.	spain
name a country with a history of seafaring men.	portugal
name a country with a history of seafaring men.	greece
name a country with a history of seafaring men.	usa
name a specific form of entertainment you think costs too much.	movies
name a specific form of entertainment you think costs too much.	concert
name a specific form of entertainment you think costs too much.	sporting event
name a specific form of entertainment you think costs too much.	theater/opera
name a specific form of entertainment you think costs too much.	amusement park
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	christmas tree
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	santa claus
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	christmas greeting
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	snow/snowman
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	angels
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	nativity/jesus
name something that you see on the cover of a christmas card.	reindeer
name an occupation whose members should be very clean.	doctor
name an occupation whose members should be very clean.	nurse
name an occupation whose members should be very clean.	cook
name an occupation whose members should be very clean.	house keeper
name an occupation whose members should be very clean.	police officer
name a famous female pop star.	britney spears
name a famous female pop star.	madonna
name a famous female pop star.	miley cyrus
name a famous female pop star.	beyonce
name a famous female pop star.	lady gaga
name a famous female pop star.	katy perry
name one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away.	talk
name one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away.	use bathroom
name one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away.	sleep through night
name one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away.	walk
name one thing that parents wish that their newborn babies would be able to do right away.	drink bottle
name something people do right after they eat.	relax
name something people do right after they eat.	belch
name something people do right after they eat.	brush teeth
name something people do right after they eat.	dishes
name something people do right after they eat.	use bathroom
name something people do right after they eat.	loosen belt
name something a child learns slowly how to do.	walk
name something a child learns slowly how to do.	read
name something a child learns slowly how to do.	talk
name something a child learns slowly how to do.	tie their shoes
name something a child learns slowly how to do.	write
name something you would not like to win as a prize on a game show.	pets
name something you would not like to win as a prize on a game show.	dog food
name something you would not like to win as a prize on a game show.	candy
name something you would not like to win as a prize on a game show.	gift cards
name something that might be against the rules at a public pool.	running
name something that might be against the rules at a public pool.	diving
name something that might be against the rules at a public pool.	pee
name something that might be against the rules at a public pool.	be nude
name something that might be against the rules at a public pool.	horse play
name something that might be against the rules at a public pool.	drinking
name an olympic event that has a judge.	skating
name an olympic event that has a judge.	gymnastics
name an olympic event that has a judge.	swimming
name an olympic event that has a judge.	diving
name an olympic event that has a judge.	boxing
name an olympic event that has a judge.	skiing
name an olympic event that has a judge.	tennis
name a bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters.	swearing
name a bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters.	smoking cigarette
name a bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters.	fighting
name a bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters.	talking back
name a bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters.	bad attitude
name a bad habit that kids pick up from their older brothers and sisters.	lying
name an important event you'd go to even if you were sick.	wedding
name an important event you'd go to even if you were sick.	church service
name an important event you'd go to even if you were sick.	funeral
name an important event you'd go to even if you were sick.	graduation
name an important event you'd go to even if you were sick.	concert
name an important event you'd go to even if you were sick.	sporting event
name an expensive cut of beef.	filet mignon
name an expensive cut of beef.	prime rib
name an expensive cut of beef.	sirloin
name an expensive cut of beef.	t-bone
name an expensive cut of beef.	tenderloin
name an expensive cut of beef.	rib eye
name a way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad.	color
name a way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad.	mushy
name a way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad.	smells
name a way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad.	shriveled
name a way you can tell that a fruit has gone bad.	moldy
name something a kid might draw on their bedroom walls.	people
name something a kid might draw on their bedroom walls.	names
name something a kid might draw on their bedroom walls.	animals
name something a kid might draw on their bedroom walls.	celestial objects
name something a kid might draw on their bedroom walls.	family
name a place where people hide things.	under mattress
name a place where people hide things.	closet
name a place where people hide things.	drawers
name a place where people hide things.	safe
name a place where people hide things.	freezer
name a place where people hide things.	attic
name something people take inside during bad weather.	clothes
name something people take inside during bad weather.	pets
name something people take inside during bad weather.	umbrella
name something people take inside during bad weather.	furniture
name something people take inside during bad weather.	shoes
name something people take inside during bad weather.	bicycle
name the most important feature of an attractive face.	eyes
name the most important feature of an attractive face.	mouth/smile
name the most important feature of an attractive face.	nose
name the most important feature of an attractive face.	cheekbones
name something you need to sew a dress.	needle
name something you need to sew a dress.	sewing machine
name something you need to sew a dress.	thread
name something you need to sew a dress.	fabric
name something you need to sew a dress.	pin
name something that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning.	coffee/breakfast
name something that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning.	wake up kids
name something that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning.	walk dog
name something that's usually the job of the first person to get up in the morning.	turn heat on
name something cookies get dipped in.	milk
name something cookies get dipped in.	chocolate
name someone who uses a baton.	majorette
name someone who uses a baton.	conductor
name someone who uses a baton.	police officer
name a movie that takes place in space.	star wars series
name a movie that takes place in space.	apollo 13
name a movie that takes place in space.	lost in space
name a movie that takes place in space.	star trek
name a movie that takes place in space.	2001: space odys.
name a movie that takes place in space.	alien series
name a movie that takes place in space.	armageddon
name something you pay for once a year.	insurance
name something you pay for once a year.	taxes
name something you pay for once a year.	pet licence
name something you pay for once a year.	gym membership
name a reason why someone might quit their job.	the pay
name a reason why someone might quit their job.	hate the boss
name a reason why someone might quit their job.	better job
name a reason why someone might quit their job.	won the lottery
name a reason why someone might quit their job.	moving
name a specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise.	cheek/face
name a specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise.	forehead
name a specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise.	knee
name a specific part of your body that you smack out of surprise.	mouth
name something you might prick your finger on.	needle
name something you might prick your finger on.	thorn
name something you might prick your finger on.	pin
name something you might prick your finger on.	thumbtack
name something you might prick your finger on.	nail
name something you prepare for but hope never happens.	death
name something you prepare for but hope never happens.	earthquake
name something you prepare for but hope never happens.	tornados
name something you prepare for but hope never happens.	fire
name something you prepare for but hope never happens.	hurricane
name something you prepare for but hope never happens.	divorce
name something women might leave lipstick marks on.	face
name something women might leave lipstick marks on.	letter
name something women might leave lipstick marks on.	collar
name something women might leave lipstick marks on.	cup
name something women might leave lipstick marks on.	straw
name something women might leave lipstick marks on.	pillow
name the heaviest thing in your house.	fridge
name the heaviest thing in your house.	couch
name the heaviest thing in your house.	television
name the heaviest thing in your house.	piano
name the heaviest thing in your house.	bed
name the heaviest thing in your house.	dresser
name something a dad might teach his kids to do.	play sports
name something a dad might teach his kids to do.	ride a bike
name something a dad might teach his kids to do.	drive
name something a dad might teach his kids to do.	fish
name something a dad might teach his kids to do.	mow the lawn
name someone you might offer a ride to.	friends
name someone you might offer a ride to.	neighbors
name someone you might offer a ride to.	coworkers
name someone you might offer a ride to.	hitch hiker
name someone you might offer a ride to.	elderly person
name someone you might offer a ride to.	family
name a mistake that little children make when getting dressed.	shoes on wrong
name a mistake that little children make when getting dressed.	clothes backwards
name a mistake that little children make when getting dressed.	wrong button
name a mistake that little children make when getting dressed.	inside out
name a mistake that little children make when getting dressed.	tie shoes wrong
name something that might make a first bad impression.	appearance
name something that might make a first bad impression.	bad breath
name something that might make a first bad impression.	being late
name something that might make a first bad impression.	bad manners
name something that might make a first bad impression.	bad attitude
name something a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while.	good food
name something a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while.	lovemaking
name something a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while.	sleep/bed
name something a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while.	bathing
name something a soldier in the army might have to go without for a while.	seeing family
name something you worry about before falling asleep at night.	money
name something you worry about before falling asleep at night.	work
name a movie you might watch on valentine's day.	the notebook
name a movie you might watch on valentine's day.	valentine's day
name a movie you might watch on valentine's day.	pretty woman
name a movie you might watch on valentine's day.	sleepless in seattle
name a movie you might watch on valentine's day.	titanic
name a movie you might watch on valentine's day.	love story
name a place some men have hair on their bodies that others don't.	chest
name a place some men have hair on their bodies that others don't.	back
name something you might expect to see a lot of in beverly hills.	movie stars
name something you might expect to see a lot of in beverly hills.	mansions
name something you might expect to see a lot of in beverly hills.	exotic cars
name something a flight attendant points out during the safety speech.	exits
name something a flight attendant points out during the safety speech.	seat belts
name something a flight attendant points out during the safety speech.	oxygen mask
name something a flight attendant points out during the safety speech.	flotation device
name a food that families with kids always have on hand.	cereal
name a food that families with kids always have on hand.	mac and cheese
name a food that families with kids always have on hand.	frozen pizza
name something you have to put up with if you live in los angeles.	smog
name something you have to put up with if you live in los angeles.	traffic
name something you have to put up with if you live in los angeles.	earthquakes
name something you have to put up with if you live in los angeles.	the people
name some place where people whisper.	church
name some place where people whisper.	library
name some place where people whisper.	movie
name some place where people whisper.	work
name some place where people whisper.	funeral
name some place where people whisper.	bedroom
name some place where people whisper.	restaurant
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	doctor
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	president
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	ceo
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	entrepreneur
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	actor
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	lawyer
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	football player
name the profession that a woman's "dream man" would have.	carpenter
name something you buy at a hospital gift shop	flowers
name something you buy at a hospital gift shop	card
name something you buy at a hospital gift shop	balloons
name a public place where you see parents disciplining their children.	store/mall
name a public place where you see parents disciplining their children.	park/field
name a public place where you see parents disciplining their children.	school/playground
name a public place where you see parents disciplining their children.	restaurant
name something that birds do.	they fly
name something that birds do.	they chirp/sing
name something that birds do.	they poop
name something that birds do.	they peck
name something that birds do.	they build nests
name an amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage.	roller coaster
name an amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage.	merry-go-round
name an amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage.	ferris wheel
name an amusement park ride that you could compare to marriage.	bumper cars
name something a woman fixes.	meals
name something a woman fixes.	her hair
name something a woman fixes.	clothes/sewing
name something a woman fixes.	car/flat tire
name something a woman fixes.	plumbing
name something a woman fixes.	lamp/lightbulb
name something that a dog might fetch.	ball
name something that a dog might fetch.	stick
name something that a dog might fetch.	bone
name something that a dog might fetch.	frisbee
name something that contains the word "potato".	potato chip
name something that contains the word "potato".	mr. potato head
name something that contains the word "potato".	baked potato
name something that contains the word "potato".	couch potato
name something that contains the word "potato".	potato salad
name something that contains the word "potato".	hot potato
name something people put in iced tea.	lemon
name something people put in iced tea.	sugar
name something people put in iced tea.	ice
name something people put in iced tea.	sweetener
name a reason someone might have a garage sale.	moving
name a reason someone might have a garage sale.	need money
name a reason someone might have a garage sale.	too much stuff
name a reason someone might have a garage sale.	cleaning out garage
name something robbers of the wild west stole.	money
name something robbers of the wild west stole.	gold
name something robbers of the wild west stole.	horses
name something robbers of the wild west stole.	cattle
name something robbers of the wild west stole.	loot
name something husbands ask their wives advice about.	clothing/looks
name something husbands ask their wives advice about.	finances
name something husbands ask their wives advice about.	job/career
name something husbands ask their wives advice about.	kids
name something husbands ask their wives advice about.	cooking
name a phone number that many people have on speed dial.	911
name a phone number that many people have on speed dial.	parents' house
name a phone number that many people have on speed dial.	home phone
name a phone number that many people have on speed dial.	significant other
name a phone number that many people have on speed dial.	doctor
name a phone number that many people have on speed dial.	work
name a man famous for wearing women's clothing.	dennis rodman
name a man famous for wearing women's clothing.	rupaul
name a man famous for wearing women's clothing.	dustin hoffman
name a man famous for wearing women's clothing.	j. edgar hoover
name a man famous for wearing women's clothing.	milton berle
name something you have checked before buying a house:	plumbing
name something you have checked before buying a house:	roof
name something you have checked before buying a house:	cost
name something you have checked before buying a house:	termites
name something you have checked before buying a house:	neighborhood
name something you have checked before buying a house:	furnace
name something you have checked before buying a house:	title
name something you have checked before buying a house:	construction
name something you have checked before buying a house:	wiring
name something you have checked before buying a house:	schools
name something you have checked before buying a house:	interest rate
name something that might be shallow.	pool
name something that might be shallow.	people
name something that might be shallow.	lake
name something that might be shallow.	puddle
name something that might be shallow.	river
name something that might be shallow.	grave
name a wood that's used for making wood.	oak
name a wood that's used for making wood.	maple
name a wood that's used for making wood.	cherry
name a wood that's used for making wood.	cedar
name something people find under their sofa cushions	money
name something people find under their sofa cushions	food
name a state where people speak with an accent.	texas
name a state where people speak with an accent.	georgia
name a state where people speak with an accent.	alabama
name a state where people speak with an accent.	new york
name a state where people speak with an accent.	louisiana
name a state where people speak with an accent.	massachusetts
name something you might go to on the 4th of july.	fireworks show
name something you might go to on the 4th of july.	barbecue
name something you might go to on the 4th of july.	parade
name something you might go to on the 4th of july.	picnic
name something pack rats have a hard time throwing out.	photos
name something pack rats have a hard time throwing out.	letters
name something pack rats have a hard time throwing out.	clothing
name something pack rats have a hard time throwing out.	books
name something pack rats have a hard time throwing out.	reading material
name something in your car that might distract you while you're driving.	radio
name something in your car that might distract you while you're driving.	cell phone
name something in your car that might distract you while you're driving.	children
name something in your car that might distract you while you're driving.	bee
name something in your car that might distract you while you're driving.	fly
name something in your car that might distract you while you're driving.	smoke
name a reason you might hold your nose.	bad smell
name a reason you might hold your nose.	under water
name a reason you might hold your nose.	sneeze
name a reason you might hold your nose.	bloody nose
name a reason you might hold your nose.	blow nose
name a food you can cook just as well a most restaurants:	steak
name a food you can cook just as well a most restaurants:	hamburger
name a food you can cook just as well a most restaurants:	spaghetti
name a food you can cook just as well a most restaurants:	chicken
name a food you can cook just as well a most restaurants:	eggs
name a food you can cook just as well a most restaurants:	potatoes
name something specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry.	try alcohol/cigarette
name something specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry.	lie
name something specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry.	break curfew
name something specific that teenagers do that makes their parents very angry.	answer back
name a type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better.	mechanic
name a type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better.	lawyer
name a type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better.	doctor/dentist
name a type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better.	plumber
name a type of professional who might overcharge you if you don't know any better.	car dealer
name a sport where people wear shorts.	basketball
name a sport where people wear shorts.	tennis
name a sport where people wear shorts.	soccer
name a sport where people wear shorts.	volleyball
name a hairstyle that might not fit on a passport photo.	beehive
name a hairstyle that might not fit on a passport photo.	afro
name a hairstyle that might not fit on a passport photo.	mohawk
name a movie or tv show with dinosaurs.	jurassic park
name a movie or tv show with dinosaurs.	flintstones
name a movie or tv show with dinosaurs.	land before time
name a movie or tv show with dinosaurs.	dinosaurs
name a movie or tv show with dinosaurs.	land of the lost
name something kids might throw at each other.	snowballs
name something kids might throw at each other.	water balloons
name something kids might throw at each other.	rocks
name something kids might throw at each other.	pillows
name something kids might throw at each other.	mud
name a sport that recently became popular with women athletes.	basketball
name a sport that recently became popular with women athletes.	tennis
name a sport that recently became popular with women athletes.	boxing
name a sport that recently became popular with women athletes.	soccer
name a sport that recently became popular with women athletes.	football
name something that might go off in the fridge.	milk
name something that might go off in the fridge.	cheese
name something that might go off in the fridge.	vegetables
name something that might go off in the fridge.	light
name something that might go off in the fridge.	yoghurt
name something that might go off in the fridge.	meat
name something that might go off in the fridge.	cream
name something that might go off in the fridge.	fruit
name something you would never want someone to see you wearing.	underwear
name something you would never want someone to see you wearing.	bikini
name something you would never want someone to see you wearing.	birthday suit
name something you would never want someone to see you wearing.	pajamas
name something you would never want someone to see you wearing.	wig
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	tires
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	steering wheel
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	battery
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	keys
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	engine
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	gas
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	distributor c...
name something a person might steal from your car that would make it impossible to drive.	wires
name a board game a family might play together.	monopoly
name a board game a family might play together.	scrabble
name a board game a family might play together.	game of life
name a fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy.	orange
name a fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy.	apple
name a fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy.	pineapple
name a fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy.	lemon
name a fruit pirates might eat in order to avoid getting scurvy.	grapes
name a major airport.	jfk
name a major airport.	lax
name a major airport.	o'hare
name a major airport.	laguardia
name a major airport.	philadelphia internation
name something on your car that you need to check often.	tires
name something on your car that you need to check often.	brakes
name something on your car that you need to check often.	wipers
name something on your car that you need to check often.	the oil
name something on your car that you need to check often.	engine
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	roaches/bugs
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	dirty dish/s'ware
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	health rating
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	rats/mice
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	dirty floors
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	hair in food
name something you see in a restaurant that tells you its health standards are below par.	dirty bathroom
name something you might hear someone at work just got.	raise
name something you might hear someone at work just got.	new car
name something you might hear someone at work just got.	fired
name something you might hear someone at work just got.	sick
name something you might have to get a credit check for.	buying a house
name something you might have to get a credit check for.	applying for a loan
name something you might have to get a credit check for.	buying a car
name something you might have to get a credit check for.	credit application
name something you might have to get a credit check for.	rent apartment
name an animal that might make a good first pet.	fish
name an animal that might make a good first pet.	dogs
name an animal that might make a good first pet.	cat
name an animal that might make a good first pet.	hamsters
name something that might be half-black and half-white.	animal
name something that might be half-black and half-white.	cookie
name something that might be half-black and half-white.	person
name something that might be half-black and half-white.	newspaper
name something that might be half-black and half-white.	ying yang symbol
name something you might do on sunday.	church
name something you might do on sunday.	relax
name something you might do on sunday.	watch football
name something you might do on sunday.	sleep in
name something you might do on sunday.	watch tv
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	study
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	exercise
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	play instrument
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	eat right
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	care for teeth
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	work hard
name something that you now wish had been forced to do as a child.	house work
name a part of the body that moves a lot.	hands
name a part of the body that moves a lot.	legs
name a part of the body that moves a lot.	eyes
name a part of the body that moves a lot.	arms
name a part of the body that moves a lot.	mouth
name a part of the body that moves a lot.	head
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	bottle
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	toy
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	them
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	food
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	blanket
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	pacifier
name something babies like to see their mommy holding.	pet
name a kind of building that has many beds in it:	hospital
name a kind of building that has many beds in it:	hotel
name a kind of building that has many beds in it:	dormitory
name a kind of building that has many beds in it:	barracks
name something you regret not doing more of in college.	studying
name something you regret not doing more of in college.	partying
name something you regret not doing more of in college.	going on dates
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	bugs
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	dirty dishes
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	cat
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	mouse
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	shoes
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	crumbs
name something you'd hate to see on the kitchen counter.	left out food
name something people buy by the roll	toilet paper
name something people buy by the roll	paper towel
name something you wish you'd been born with.	money
name something you wish you'd been born with.	good looks/hair
name something you wish you'd been born with.	better body
name something you wish you'd been born with.	intelligence
name something you wish you'd been born with.	height
name something specific you hope your kids do when they're guests at someone else's house.	best behavior
name something specific you hope your kids do when they're guests at someone else's house.	say please/thanks
name something specific you hope your kids do when they're guests at someone else's house.	clean up
name a living thing that hops.	rabbit/bunny
name a living thing that hops.	frog
name a living thing that hops.	kangaroo
name a living thing that hops.	grasshopper
name something women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy.	try on clothes
name something women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy.	talk/gossip
name something women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy.	shop
name something women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy.	hug/kiss
name something women do together that a man would be embarrassed doing with another guy.	go to bathroom
name something students would not want the teacher to catch them doing.	cheating
name something students would not want the teacher to catch them doing.	smoking
name something students would not want the teacher to catch them doing.	passing notes
name something students would not want the teacher to catch them doing.	talking
name something students would not want the teacher to catch them doing.	sleeping
name something students would not want the teacher to catch them doing.	chewing gum
name a gambling game where you bet on a certain number coming up.	lotto
name a gambling game where you bet on a certain number coming up.	roulette
name a gambling game where you bet on a certain number coming up.	blackjack
name an instance when you should greet someone with a handshake instead of a hug.	interview/work
name an instance when you should greet someone with a handshake instead of a hug.	introduction
name an instance when you should greet someone with a handshake instead of a hug.	place of worship
name an instance when you should greet someone with a handshake instead of a hug.	family reunion
name an instance when you should greet someone with a handshake instead of a hug.	first date
name something people often take for granted.	money
name something people often take for granted.	family
name something people often take for granted.	house
name something people often take for granted.	electricity
name something people often take for granted.	love
name something people often take for granted.	water
name a profession that requires you to speak in front of people.	teacher
name a profession that requires you to speak in front of people.	lawyer
name a profession that requires you to speak in front of people.	politician
name a profession that requires you to speak in front of people.	preacher
name something specific people skip.	meals
name something specific people skip.	rope
name something specific people skip.	school
name something specific people skip.	work
name something specific people skip.	rocks
name a food or drink that contains the word "hot."	..chocolate/cocoa
name a food or drink that contains the word "hot."	hot dog
name a food or drink that contains the word "hot."	hot tea
name a food or drink that contains the word "hot."	hot coffee
name a food or drink that contains the word "hot."	hot sauce
name a food or drink that contains the word "hot."	hot tamale
name something that's good about living alone.	freedom
name something that's good about living alone.	peace
name something that's good about living alone.	privacy
name something that's good about living alone.	less to clean
name something that's good about living alone.	control of food
name something that's good about living alone.	control of remote
name a place that does its best business in the morning.	coffee shop
name a place that does its best business in the morning.	fast food
name a place that does its best business in the morning.	bakery
name a place that does its best business in the morning.	pancake house
name a place that does its best business in the morning.	newsstand
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	tired
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	beautiful day
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	child ill
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	vacation
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	athletic event
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	concert
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	golfing
name a specific reason people might call in sick to work even if they are not sick.	beach
name a specific task a kid might want to do while helping to bake cookies.	lick the spoon
name a specific task a kid might want to do while helping to bake cookies.	mix
name something that many families have exactly two of.	vehicles
name something that many families have exactly two of.	children
name something that many families have exactly two of.	bathrooms
name something that many families have exactly two of.	tv sets
name something that many families have exactly two of.	pets
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	shoes
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	coat
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	trousers
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	shirt
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	hat
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	nightgown
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	socks
name something you wear that would still fit if you lost 20 pounds.	sweater
name a part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long.	legs
name a part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long.	hair
name a part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long.	fingers/nails
name a part of a woman's body that's very attractive when it's long.	neck
name something that has the word "shuttle" in it.	space shuttle
name something that has the word "shuttle" in it.	shuttle bus
name a professional basketball team.	los angeles lakers
name a professional basketball team.	boston celtics
name a professional basketball team.	chicago bulls
name a professional basketball team.	miami heat
name someone who is famous for their blue eyes.	frank sinatra
name someone who is famous for their blue eyes.	paul newman
name someone who is famous for their blue eyes.	robert redford
name someone who is famous for their blue eyes.	bette davis
name someone who is famous for their blue eyes.	bill clinton
name something a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing.	pushups
name something a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing.	marching
name something a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing.	running
name something a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing.	yelling
name something a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing.	drills
name something a recruit in the military might spend a lot of time doing.	make beds
name something most men cannot resist taking a look at.	women
name something most men cannot resist taking a look at.	cars
name something most men cannot resist taking a look at.	sports
name something most men cannot resist taking a look at.	accidents
name something that might accidentally get caught in a paper shredder.	tie
name something that might accidentally get caught in a paper shredder.	fingers
name something that might accidentally get caught in a paper shredder.	shirt
name a charity that has been around for years and years.	red cross
name a charity that has been around for years and years.	salvation army
name a charity that has been around for years and years.	amer. cancer soc.
name a charity that has been around for years and years.	united way
name a charity that has been around for years and years.	musc. dyst. assn.
name a us state that attracts a lot of tourists.	florida
name a us state that attracts a lot of tourists.	new york
name a us state that attracts a lot of tourists.	california
name a us state that attracts a lot of tourists.	hawaii
name a us state that attracts a lot of tourists.	nevada
name something of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced.	cheetah/animals
name something of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced.	treehouse/hut
name something of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced.	rope/vine
name something of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced.	1/2 the jungle
name something of tarzan's that jane would get if they divorced.	loincloth
name something people snack on between meals.	chips
name something people snack on between meals.	fruit
name something people snack on between meals.	chocolate
name something people snack on between meals.	biscuits
name something people snack on between meals.	nuts
name something people snack on between meals.	bread
name a bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life.	electricity
name a bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life.	insurance
name a bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life.	phone
name a bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life.	rent
name a bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life.	credit card
name a bill you'll be paying every month for the rest of your life.	car
name a part of a watch.	hands
name a part of a watch.	band
name a part of a watch.	face
name a part of a watch.	battery
name a part of a watch.	dial
name a part of a watch.	numbers
name something on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it.	mirrors
name something on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it.	radio
name something on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it.	windows
name something on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it.	headlights
name something on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it.	air conditioner
name something on your car that might break but wouldn't stop you from driving it.	wipers
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	cartwheel
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	somersault
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	flip
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	tumbling
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	jump
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	headstand
name a type of gymnastics move every kid knows how to do.	handstand
name something a suspicious girlfriend may check in her boyfriend's cell phone	messages
name something a suspicious girlfriend may check in her boyfriend's cell phone	phone calls
name a day that is especially bad to break up on.	valentine's day
name a day that is especially bad to break up on.	birthday
name a day that is especially bad to break up on.	christmas
name a day that is especially bad to break up on.	friday
name a day that is especially bad to break up on.	anniversary
name a type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat.	pigeon
name a type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat.	crows
name a type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat.	robin
name a type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat.	parrot
name a type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat.	vulture
name a type of bird that you wouldn't want to eat.	buzzard
name a place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up.	cafeteria/school
name a place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up.	party
name a place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up.	prom
name a place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up.	date
name a place where teenagers would be embarrassed to have their parents show up.	mall
name a home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money.	plumbing
name a home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money.	painting
name a home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money.	roofing
name a home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money.	fixing floor
name a home improvement a cheap guy might try to do himself to save money.	carpeting
name a sport where people wear gloves.	boxing
name a sport where people wear gloves.	baseball
name a sport where people wear gloves.	football
name a sport where people wear gloves.	golf
name a sport where people wear gloves.	hockey
name something you get insurance for.	car
name something you get insurance for.	life
name something you get insurance for.	health
name something you get insurance for.	home
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	fault
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	foul
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	love
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	out
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	order
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	net
name a word a judge might yell out during a tennis match.	point
name a toy that you could buy your friend's child that might ruin your friendship	water gun
name a toy that you could buy your friend's child that might ruin your friendship	drums
name a u.s. city known for its great restaurants.	new york
name a u.s. city known for its great restaurants.	chicago
name a u.s. city known for its great restaurants.	los angeles
name a u.s. city known for its great restaurants.	new orleans
name something commonly found in fairy tales.	princess
name something commonly found in fairy tales.	prince charming
name something commonly found in fairy tales.	fairies
name something commonly found in fairy tales.	happy ending
name something commonly found in fairy tales.	witches
name something people keep under lock and key.	money
name something people keep under lock and key.	weapons
name something people keep under lock and key.	jewels
name something people keep under lock and key.	files
name something people keep under lock and key.	medicine
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	sailboat
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	canoe
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	rowboat
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	paddleboat
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	raft
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	kayak
name a kind of boat that does not have an engine.	barge
name something that hatches.	eggs
name something that hatches.	birds
name something that hatches.	reptile
name something that hatches.	plans
name a type of tv show.	gameshow
name a type of tv show.	sitcom
name a type of tv show.	drama
name a type of tv show.	reality
name a type of tv show.	soap opera
name a job you would never want to have.	trashman
name a job you would never want to have.	septic tank cleaner
name a job you would never want to have.	janitor
name a job you would never want to have.	police officer
name a job you would never want to have.	undertaker
name a farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving.	chicken/rooster
name a farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving.	cow
name a farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving.	pig
name a farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving.	duck
name a farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving.	dog
name a farm animal a turkey might imitate to escape being eaten at thanksgiving.	goose
name a reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone.	bad grades
name a reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone.	bill
name a reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone.	too expensive
name a reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone.	too young
name a reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone.	boys
name a reason a parent might not get their teenager a cell phone.	irresponsible
name something a divorced couple literally cannot cut in half.	kids
name something a divorced couple literally cannot cut in half.	house
name something a divorced couple literally cannot cut in half.	rings
name something a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	cuss
name something a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	pass gas
name something a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	pick nose
name something a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	have a tantrum
name something a mom would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	whine/cry
name something you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone.	fire
name something you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone.	break in
name something you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone.	accident happened
name something you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone.	house flooded
name something you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone.	kid is sick
name something you'd hate to hear a house-sitter say happened while you were gone.	plants died
name something people might turn their basement into.	game room
name something people might turn their basement into.	living room
name something people might turn their basement into.	bedroom
name something people might turn their basement into.	man cave
name something people might turn their basement into.	home theater
name something people think is a man's job.	taking out trash
name something people think is a man's job.	mow lawn
name something people think is a man's job.	breadwinner
name something people think is a man's job.	maintain cars
name something people think is a man's job.	construction
name something people think is a man's job.	u.s. president
name a celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive.	britney spears
name a celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive.	paris hilton
name a celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive.	lindsay lohan
name a celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive.	mel gibson
name a celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive.	nicole ritchie
name a celebrity you do not want teaching your kids how to drive.	ted kennedy
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	house
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	credit cards
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	college
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	medical bills
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	car
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	utility bills
name something whose cost could bankrupt the average american family.	gambling
name something in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be.	cities/streets
name something in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be.	water/ocean
name something in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be.	air
name something in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be.	politics/govern.
name something in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be.	people's language
name something in america that's a lot dirtier than it used to be.	tv
name a vegetable that makes a loud noise when you eat it.	carrot
name a vegetable that makes a loud noise when you eat it.	celery
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner.	bottle of wine
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner.	candles
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner.	strawberries
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner.	champagne
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner.	whipped cream
name something you might find in a person's shopping cart if they're planning on a romantic dinner.	shrimp
name a place people go to read in peace.	library
name a place people go to read in peace.	park
name a place people go to read in peace.	bedroom
name a place people go to read in peace.	bathroom
name a place people go to read in peace.	bookstore
name a place people go to read in peace.	beach
name a kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man.	sporting goods
name a kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man.	grocery store
name a kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man.	men's clothing
name a kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man.	hardware store
name a kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man.	bookstore
name a kind of store a woman should spend time in if she wants to meet a man.	autoparts
name a beverage that has bubbles in it.	soda
name a beverage that has bubbles in it.	champagne
name something people "throw".	ball
name something people "throw".	tantrum
name something people "throw".	attitude
name something people "throw".	dishes
name something people "throw".	frisbee
name an olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try.	downhill skiing
name an olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try.	diving
name an olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try.	gymnastics
name an olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try.	pole vault
name an olympic event that you'd be too terrified to try.	bobsledding
name someone a person might confess a crime to.	clergy
name someone a person might confess a crime to.	friend
name someone a person might confess a crime to.	police
name someone a person might confess a crime to.	spouse/mate
name a kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs.	doctor
name a kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs.	bathroom
name a kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs.	bus
name a kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs.	mall
name a kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs.	movie
name a kind of place where it's easy to catch other people's germs.	work
name something a women might keep in her purse.	makeup
name something a women might keep in her purse.	wallet
name something the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing.	shopping/gifts
name something the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing.	singing/caroling
name something the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing.	dancing/partying
name something the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing.	decorating/tree
name something the christmas spirit makes you feel like doing.	baking/cooking
name a cartoon mouse.	mickey mouse
name a cartoon mouse.	jerry
name a cartoon mouse.	mighty mouse
name a cartoon mouse.	speedy gonzales
name a cartoon mouse.	the brain
name a cartoon mouse.	pinky
name something you hate to use it it's not clean.	towel
name something you hate to use it it's not clean.	silverware
name something you hate to use it it's not clean.	dishes
name something you hate to use it it's not clean.	bathroom
name something you hate to use it it's not clean.	socks
name an occasion when you would congratulate someone.	wedding day
name an occasion when you would congratulate someone.	graduation
name an occasion when you would congratulate someone.	birth of child
name an occasion when you would congratulate someone.	job promotion
name something that a couple has a first one of.	child
name something that a couple has a first one of.	kiss
name something that a couple has a first one of.	anniversary
name something that a couple has a first one of.	fight
name something your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult.	personality
name something your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult.	love life
name something your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult.	career
name something your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult.	tastes
name something your parents still don't seem to understand about you as an adult.	grown up
name something people ask for when they wake up with a hangover.	aspirin/tylenol
name something people ask for when they wake up with a hangover.	coffee
name something people ask for when they wake up with a hangover.	cold water
name something people ask for when they wake up with a hangover.	"hair of the dog"
name something people ask for when they wake up with a hangover.	tomato juice/o.j.
name something people ask for when they wake up with a hangover.	alka-seltzer
name something with an adhesive on it:	bandage
name something with an adhesive on it:	scotch tape
name something with an adhesive on it:	postage stamp
name something with an adhesive on it:	envelope
name something with an adhesive on it:	decal
name a long running reality tv series.	the bachelor
name a long running reality tv series.	survivor
name a long running reality tv series.	american idol
name a long running reality tv series.	big brother
name a long running reality tv series.	the real world
name the last place you'd want to be when your child has a tantrum.	shopping center
name the last place you'd want to be when your child has a tantrum.	place of worship
name the last place you'd want to be when your child has a tantrum.	restaurant
name something you might feed at a petting zoo.	lambs
name something you might feed at a petting zoo.	pigs
name something you might feed at a petting zoo.	dogs
name something you might feed at a petting zoo.	calves
name something a baseball catcher might wear.	mask
name something a baseball catcher might wear.	glove
name something a person owns that reflects their personality.	car
name something a person owns that reflects their personality.	clothes
name something a person owns that reflects their personality.	pets
name something a person owns that reflects their personality.	house
name something a person owns that reflects their personality.	jewelry
name something a person owns that reflects their personality.	furniture
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	cheerleader
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	police
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	coach
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	lifeguard
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	auctioneer
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	referee
name a kind of person who might use a megaphone:	singer
name something a doctor recommends for people who are rundown.	vitamins
name something a doctor recommends for people who are rundown.	sleep
name something a doctor recommends for people who are rundown.	exercise
name something a doctor recommends for people who are rundown.	vacation
name something a doctor recommends for people who are rundown.	healthy foods
name something a doctor recommends for people who are rundown.	relax
name something people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing.	going to work
name something people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing.	jury duty
name something people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing.	housework
name something people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing.	helping move
name something people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing.	party
name something people make up a phony excuse to get out of doing.	visiting in-laws
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	carrying camera
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	clothes
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	ask for direction
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	carrying a map
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	lost
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	rubber neck
name a way you might be able to tell someone is a tourist.	the way they talk
name something that needs to be changed often.	baby's diaper
name something that needs to be changed often.	underwear
name something that needs to be changed often.	sheets
name something that needs to be changed often.	cat's litter box
name something that needs to be changed often.	car oil
name something that needs to be changed often.	attitude
name something a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner.	tv dinner
name something a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner.	pizza
name something a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner.	turkey sandwich
name something a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner.	hamburger
name something a lonely man might eat for thanksgiving dinner.	chinese food
name something that people jump into.	pool/water
name something that people jump into.	relationship
name something that people jump into.	bed
name something that people jump into.	car
name something that people jump into.	argument
name something that people jump into.	work
name something you would sit on before buying.	couch
name something you would sit on before buying.	a bed
name something you would sit on before buying.	a chair
name something you would sit on before buying.	a motorcycle
name something you would like to lose.	weight
name something you would like to lose.	bills
name something you would like to lose.	anger
name something you would like to lose.	a bad habit
name something you would like to lose.	stress
name something cats love to play with.	yarn
name something cats love to play with.	ball
name something you might see someone doing on the side of a road.	changing tire
name something you might see someone doing on the side of a road.	tinkling
name something you might see someone doing on the side of a road.	hitch hiking
name something you might see someone doing on the side of a road.	walking
name something you might see someone doing on the side of a road.	sleeping
name something madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80.	singing
name something madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80.	dancing
name something madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80.	making love
name something madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80.	kissing girls
name something madonna will probably still be doing when she's 80.	dressing sexy
on his th birthday what would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im	moving out
on his th birthday what would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im	getting married
on his th birthday what would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im	going to be a dad
on his th birthday what would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im	dropping out
on his th birthday what would a mom hate to hear her son say mom im	joining military
other than halloween, name a reason why you might wear a costume.	costume party
other than halloween, name a reason why you might wear a costume.	in a play
other than halloween, name a reason why you might wear a costume.	christmas/ santa
other than halloween, name a reason why you might wear a costume.	just for fun
other than illness, name an acceptable excuse for missing work.	funeral
other than illness, name an acceptable excuse for missing work.	car trouble
other than illness, name an acceptable excuse for missing work.	jury duty
on a road trip, name something that might keep you awake	radio
on a road trip, name something that might keep you awake	traffic
on a road trip, name something that might keep you awake	engine
on a road trip, name something that might keep you awake	friend snoring
other than a belt, name something that can have a buckle.	shoe/boot
other than a belt, name something that can have a buckle.	car seat
other than a belt, name something that can have a buckle.	bag/purse
other than a belt, name something that can have a buckle.	coat
other than a belt, name something that can have a buckle.	suit case
other than presents what might you find under a christmas tree	tree skirt
other than presents what might you find under a christmas tree	fallen ornaments
other than presents what might you find under a christmas tree	train
other than presents what might you find under a christmas tree	needles
other than presents what might you find under a christmas tree	pet
other than looking up numbers name something a phone book gets used for	find addresses
other than looking up numbers name something a phone book gets used for	booster seat
other than looking up numbers name something a phone book gets used for	maps
other than looking up numbers name something a phone book gets used for	door stop
other than actor,name an occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright.	singer
other than actor,name an occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright.	comedian
other than actor,name an occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright.	motivational speaker
other than actor,name an occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright.	politician
other than actor,name an occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright.	dancer
other than actor,name an occupation you'd fail at if you had stage fright.	teacher
other than clothes name something a kid might outgrow	toys
other than clothes name something a kid might outgrow	bed
other than clothes name something a kid might outgrow	hairstyle
other than clothes name something a kid might outgrow	bike
other than clothes name something a kid might outgrow	habits
on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women.	eight
on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women.	seven
on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women.	six
on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women.	ten
on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women.	five
on a scale of one to ten, how independent are most american women.	nine
past or present, what boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with?	mike tyson
past or present, what boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with?	muhammad ali
past or present, what boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with?	joe frazier
past or present, what boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with?	joe louis
past or present, what boxer would you most hate to step into the ring with?	rocky marcia...
past or present, name the funniest person on tv.	bill cosby
past or present, name the funniest person on tv.	betty white
past or present, name the funniest person on tv.	jerry seinfeld
past or present, name the funniest person on tv.	lucille ball
past or present, name a boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring.	muhammad ali
past or present, name a boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring.	joe louis
past or present, name a boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring.	j. cesar chavez
past or present, name a boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring.	mike tyson
past or present, name a boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring.	george foreman
past or present, name a boxing champion who was respected outside the ring as much as he was inside the ring.	sugar ray leon
past or present, name a famous vampire.	dracula
past or present, name a famous vampire.	edward cullen
past or present, name a famous vampire.	lestat
past or present, name a famous vampire.	blade
past or present, name a famous vampire.	spike
past or present, name a tv show set in a hospital.	er
past or present, name a tv show set in a hospital.	general hospital
past or present, name a tv show set in a hospital.	house
past or present, name a tv show set in a hospital.	scrubs
past or present, name a tv show set in a hospital.	mash
past or present, name someone famous whose first name was harry.	harry truman
past or present, name someone famous whose first name was harry.	harry potter
past or present, name someone famous whose first name was harry.	harry belafonte
past or present, name someone famous whose first name was harry.	harry connick,jr.
past or present, name someone famous whose first name was harry.	harry houdini
past or present, name an all star hockey player.	wayne gretzky
past or present, name an all star hockey player.	sidney crosby
past or present, name an all star hockey player.	bobby orr
past or present, name an all star hockey player.	patrick roy
past or present, name an all star hockey player.	mario lemieux
past or present, name an all star hockey player.	mark messier
past or present, name your favorite television lawyer:	perry mason
past or present, name your favorite television lawyer:	ben matlock
past or present, name your favorite television lawyer:	michael kuzak
past or present, name your favorite television lawyer:	victor sifuentes
real or fictional, name a famous betty.	betty boop
real or fictional, name a famous betty.	betty ford
real or fictional, name a famous betty.	bette davis
real or fictional, name a famous betty.	betty crocker
real or fictional, name a famous betty.	betty rubble
real or fictional, name a famous betty.	betty white
real or fictional, name someone known for their wisdom.	albert einstein
real or fictional, name someone known for their wisdom.	mahatma gandhi
real or fictional, name someone known for their wisdom.	solomon
real or fictional, name someone known for their wisdom.	yoda
real or fictional, name someone known for their wisdom.	the dalai lama
real or fictional, name someone known for their wisdom.	martin luther king jr
something people always run out of when having a party.	drinks/alcohol
something people always run out of when having a party.	ice
something people always run out of when having a party.	food
something people always run out of when having a party.	cups/glasses
something people always run out of when having a party.	toilet paper
something people always run out of when having a party.	napkins
tell me a reason people give for wearing black	funeral
tell me a reason people give for wearing black	slimming
tell me a reason people give for wearing black	style
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	6 months
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	12 months
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	2months
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	3 months
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	24 months
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	8 months
tell me how long in months a couple must be dating before it's considered "serious."	4 months
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	jim carrey
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	charlie chaplin
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	chevy chase
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	eddie murphy
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	steve martin
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	robbin williams
tell me an actor in the history of cinema known for his slapstick comedy	jerry lewis
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	sand
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	sun
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	seashore
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	sunscreen
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	surfers
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	shells
tell me something at a beach that begins with "s."	sandals
tell me something about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together.	dress alike
tell me something about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together.	argue
tell me something about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together.	finish sentences
tell me something about a couple that would lead you to believe they spend too much time together.	affectionate
tell me something a wife likes to hear from her husband.	i love you
tell me something a wife likes to hear from her husband.	compliments
tell me something a wife likes to hear from her husband.	missed you
tell me something a wife likes to hear from her husband.	want breakfast in bed
tell me something a wife likes to hear from her husband.	i got a raise
tell me something specific you hate about going to the dentist	drill
tell me something specific you hate about going to the dentist	waiting
tell me something specific you hate about going to the dentist	bill
tell me something specific you hate about going to the dentist	shots
tell me something specific you hate about going to the dentist	numb mouth/ novacaine
tell me a good score when playing 18 holes of golf.	72
tell me a good score when playing 18 holes of golf.	65
tell me a good score when playing 18 holes of golf.	80
tell me a good score when playing 18 holes of golf.	66
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	sand
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	sun burn
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	crowded
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	parking
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	driving
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	warm food
tell me the worst part about going to the beach	being looked at
tell me an article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of.	shorts
tell me an article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of.	swim suits
tell me an article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of.	flip flops
tell me an article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of.	tank tops
tell me an article of clothing that people who live in warm climates are likely to have several of.	t shirts
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	talking
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	yawning
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	laughing
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	coughing
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	sneezing
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	snacking
tell me something you close your mouth to try to keep from doing	snoring
tell me something specific that a barber must get sick of doing	cutting hair
tell me something specific that a barber must get sick of doing	shaving
tell me something specific that a barber must get sick of doing	sweeping
tell me something specific that a barber must get sick of doing	standing
tell me something specific that a barber must get sick of doing	making conversation
tell me something that causes skin to turn red.	sunburn
tell me something that causes skin to turn red.	rash/allergy
tell me something that causes skin to turn red.	embarrassment
tell me something that causes skin to turn red.	alcohol
tell me something that causes skin to turn red.	exercise
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	peace
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	environment
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	voting
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	animal rights
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	poverty
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	abortions
tell me a cause that a movie star might support.	gun or gun control
tell me something your body can't live without.	water
tell me something your body can't live without.	food
tell me something your body can't live without.	air
tell me something your body can't live without.	sleep
tell me the worst way for someone to wake you up	scream
tell me the worst way for someone to wake you up	splash with water
tell me the worst way for someone to wake you up	shake you
tell me the worst way for someone to wake you up	jump on bed
tell me the worst way for someone to wake you up	use the alarm
tell me a holiday you can live without	halloween
tell me a holiday you can live without	thanksgiving
tell me a holiday you can live without	valentine's day
tell me a holiday you can live without	st patrick's day
tell me a holiday you can live without	fourth of july
tell me a holiday you can live without	new year's
tell me something you might do after you get a bad grade on a test.	send us your answers!
tell me something you might do after you get a bad grade on a test.	get upset
tell me something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	computer/internet
tell me something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	dvd player/vcr
tell me something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	car
tell me something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	tools
tell me something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	video game
tell me something that can be frustrating to use for the very first time.	can opener
tell me what a man does to cover up his bald spot.	comb over
tell me what a man does to cover up his bald spot.	toupee
tell me what a man does to cover up his bald spot.	hat
tell me something you expect to find in a hotel.	send us your answers!
tell me something you expect to find in a hotel.	beds
tell me what most people hate.	skunk
tell me what most people hate.	onion
tell me what most people hate.	rotting food
tell me what most people hate.	ammonia
tell me what most people hate.	garlic
tell me what most people hate.	rotten eggs
tell me a slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands.	old man
tell me a slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands.	better half
tell me a slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands.	hubby
tell me a slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands.	big daddy
tell me a slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands.	poppy
tell me a slang word or phrase used to refer to husbands.	spouse
tell me something people often break.	glass
tell me something people often break.	promises
tell me something people often break.	dishes
tell me something people often break.	hearts
tell me something people often break.	bones
tell me something people often break.	phones
tell me one fact about a troll.	live under bridge
tell me one fact about a troll.	they're ugly
tell me one fact about a troll.	wild/colored hair
tell me one fact about a troll.	they're short
tell me one fact about a troll.	they're not real
tell me one fact about a troll.	they're mean
tell me a word a child uses to describe a bruise.	boo-boo
tell me a word a child uses to describe a bruise.	owie
tell me a word a child uses to describe a bruise.	ouchy
tell me a word a child uses to describe a bruise.	sore
tell me a word a child uses to describe a bruise.	hurt
tell me somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous.	bathroom
tell me somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous.	car
tell me somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous.	kitchen
tell me somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous.	basement
tell me somewhere people have a tv that you think is ridiculous.	porch
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight.	justin beiber
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight.	gilbert gottfried
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight.	miley cyrus
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a long flight.	lindsay lohan
tell me a prank kids pull on halloween.	egging a house
tell me a prank kids pull on halloween.	ding dong ditch
tell me a prank kids pull on halloween.	toilet paper in yard
tell me a prank kids pull on halloween.	smashing pumpkins
tell me a prank kids pull on halloween.	soap windows
tell me a prank kids pull on halloween.	water balloons
tell me another way people say "stoned".	high
tell me another way people say "stoned".	baked
tell me another way people say "stoned".	wasted
tell me another way people say "stoned".	drunk
tell me another way people say "stoned".	blown
tell me something you would hate to see in a restaurant.	hair in food
tell me something you would hate to see in a restaurant.	cockroach
tell me something you would hate to see in a restaurant.	ants
tell me something you would hate to see in a restaurant.	mice
tell me something you would hate to see in a restaurant.	dirty
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	children
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	car
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	pet
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	house
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	computer
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	myself
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	cell phone
tell me something of yours that you swear is possessed.	spouse
tell me something people postpone doing for as long as they can.	new car
tell me something people postpone doing for as long as they can.	going to the doctor
tell me something people postpone doing for as long as they can.	diets
tell me something people postpone doing for as long as they can.	marriage
tell me something people postpone doing for as long as they can.	waking up
tell me something you wouldn't want to lose at the beach.	swimsuit/shorts
tell me something you wouldn't want to lose at the beach.	money/wallet
tell me something you wouldn't want to lose at the beach.	jewelry/watch
tell me something you wouldn't want to lose at the beach.	keys
tell me something you wouldn't want to lose at the beach.	child
tell me something you wouldn't want to lose at the beach.	cell phone
tell me something you buy tickets for.	concerts
tell me something you buy tickets for.	movies
tell me something you buy tickets for.	sporting events
tell me something you buy tickets for.	air travel
tell me something that often doesn't start when it's supposed to.	car
tell me something that often doesn't start when it's supposed to.	movie
tell me something that often doesn't start when it's supposed to.	wedding
tell me something that often doesn't start when it's supposed to.	lawn mower
tell me something that often doesn't start when it's supposed to.	meeting
tell me something that often doesn't start when it's supposed to.	sporting event
tell me one fact about bond. james bond.	007 movies
tell me one fact about bond. james bond.	handsome/suave
tell me one fact about bond. james bond.	he's a spy/agent
tell me one fact about bond. james bond.	he seduces women
tell me one fact about bond. james bond.	"shaken" martini
tell me one fact about bond. james bond.	drives fast cars
tell me an animal that people don't usually eat.	dog
tell me an animal that people don't usually eat.	deer
tell me an animal that people don't usually eat.	cats
tell me an animal that people don't usually eat.	skunks
tell me an animal that people don't usually eat.	snakes
tell me something that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it.	jewelry
tell me something that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it.	money
tell me something that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it.	check
tell me something that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it.	wallet
tell me something that you might accidentally throw into your garbage that would send you digging for it.	car keys
tell me something described as "prime."	prime ribs/meat
tell me something described as "prime."	prime time
tell me something described as "prime."	prime rate
tell me something described as "prime."	prime suspect
tell me something that comes in pairs.	loafers
tell me something that comes in pairs.	running shoes
tell me something that comes in pairs.	high heels
tell me something that comes in pairs.	heels
tell me something that comes in pairs.	shoes
tell me something that comes in pairs.	flats
tell me something that comes in pairs.	sneakers
tell me something that comes in pairs.	cross trainers
tell me something that comes in pairs.	boots
tell me something that comes in pairs.	pumps
tell me something that comes in pairs.	stockings
tell me something that comes in pairs.	socks
tell me something that comes in pairs.	twins
tell me something that comes in pairs.	studs
tell me something that comes in pairs.	rings
tell me something that comes in pairs.	earrings
tell me something that comes in pairs.	mittens
tell me something that comes in pairs.	gloves
tell me something that comes in pairs.	gauntlets
tell me something that comes in pairs.	salt and pepper
tell me something that comes in pairs.	pepper mill
tell me something that comes in pairs.	and pepper
tell me a war hero who became the president of the united states.	dwight eisenhower
tell me a war hero who became the president of the united states.	george washington
tell me a war hero who became the president of the united states.	ulysses s. grant
tell me a war hero who became the president of the united states.	teddy roosevelt
tell me a war hero who became the president of the united states.	john f. kennedy
tell me a war hero who became the president of the united states.	george bush sr.
tell me something that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date.	her age
tell me something that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date.	her weight
tell me something that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date.	she's married
tell me something that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date.	has boyfriend
tell me something that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date.	her past loves
tell me something that a woman might not want to reveal about herself to her date.	she's pregnant
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	5
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	3
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	2
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	10
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	4
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	20
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth (numeric only)	6
tell me one thing you see in every movie about king kong.	king kong/gorilla
tell me one thing you see in every movie about king kong.	empire state bldg
tell me one thing you see in every movie about king kong.	girl
tell me one thing you see in every movie about king kong.	jungle/tribe
tell me one thing you see in every movie about king kong.	destruction
tell me something that might ruin a fancy dinner party.	an argument
tell me something that might ruin a fancy dinner party.	alcohol
tell me something that might ruin a fancy dinner party.	burnt food
tell me something that might ruin a fancy dinner party.	kids
tell me something that might ruin a fancy dinner party.	power outage
tell me something some people have a hard time closing.	mouth
tell me something some people have a hard time closing.	suitcase
tell me something some people have a hard time closing.	door
tell me something some people have a hard time closing.	jar
tell me something some people have a hard time closing.	a good book
tell me something a person cannot legally do without a license.	drive
tell me something a person cannot legally do without a license.	get married
tell me something a person cannot legally do without a license.	go fishing
tell me something a person cannot legally do without a license.	start a business
tell me something you might do the moment you get home from work.	take of shoes
tell me something you might do the moment you get home from work.	relax
tell me something you might do the moment you get home from work.	shower
tell me something you might do the moment you get home from work.	change clothes
tell me something you might do the moment you get home from work.	eat food
tell me a celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on.	channing tatum
tell me a celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on.	justin bieber
tell me a celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on.	zac efron
tell me a celebrity a teenage girl might have a crush on.	ryan gosling
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone that is mean.	bully
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone that is mean.	horrible
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone that is mean.	bossy
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone that is mean.	wicked
tell me a word you'd use to describe someone that is mean.	cruel
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	ugly dress/shoes
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	not being married
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	spending money
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	wedding long/boring
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	the groom
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	their escorts
tell me something bridemaids complain about.	other bridesmaids
tell me a food that doesn't go well with kissing.	garlic
tell me a food that doesn't go well with kissing.	onions
tell me a food that doesn't go well with kissing.	sardines/fish
tell me a food that doesn't go well with kissing.	liver
tell me a food that doesn't go well with kissing.	peanut butter
tell me someone who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby.	baby's father
tell me someone who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby.	doctor
tell me someone who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby.	nurse
tell me someone who's allowed into the delivery room when a woman is having a baby.	baby's grandma
tell me one thing you know about rudy giuliani.	mayor of nyc
tell me one thing you know about rudy giuliani.	ran for president
tell me one thing you know about rudy giuliani.	cancer survivor
tell me one thing you know about rudy giuliani.	fair
tell me one thing you know about rudy giuliani.	yankee fan
tell me one thing you know about rudy giuliani.	great speaker
tell me something on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long.	hair
tell me something on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long.	legs
tell me something on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long.	fingernails
tell me something on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long.	eyelashes
tell me something on a woman's body that's considered prettier when long.	neck
tell me something that makes someone a bad house guest.	messy
tell me something that makes someone a bad house guest.	outstays their welcome
tell me something that makes someone a bad house guest.	rudeness
tell me something that makes someone a bad house guest.	they steal
tell me something that makes someone a bad house guest.	eats all of your food
tell me something a woman does differently when she's pregnant.	eats
tell me something a woman does differently when she's pregnant.	sleeps
tell me something a woman does differently when she's pregnant.	mood swings
tell me something a woman does differently when she's pregnant.	walks
tell me something a woman does differently when she's pregnant.	sitting
unlike age or weight name a number that youd be surprised for someone to offer before a blind date	phone number
unlike age or weight name a number that youd be surprised for someone to offer before a blind date	income
unlike age or weight name a number that youd be surprised for someone to offer before a blind date	social security
unlike age or weight name a number that youd be surprised for someone to offer before a blind date	past lovers
unlike age or weight name a number that youd be surprised for someone to offer before a blind date	iq
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	keys
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	glasses
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	gloves
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	umbrella
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	jacket
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	wallet
which items are most commonly found in a restaurants lostandfound box	phone
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	cat
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	dolphin
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	monkey
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	bird
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	dog
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	whale
which animals communication sounds a lot like crying	hyena
who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you?	mom
who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you?	significant other
who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you?	dad
who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you?	best friend
who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you?	sister
who in your personal life would you least expect to swindle you?	grandma
where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks	teeth
where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks	shirt
where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks	glass
where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks	someone's cheek
where does a woman try to avoid leaving lipstick marks	around lips
when shopping for a new pair of jeans name something that never fits quite right	waiste
when shopping for a new pair of jeans name something that never fits quite right	length
when shopping for a new pair of jeans name something that never fits quite right	backside
when shopping for a new pair of jeans name something that never fits quite right	hips
when shopping for a new pair of jeans name something that never fits quite right	thighs
what does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons?	note cards
what does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons?	chart
what does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons?	pointer
what does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons?	powerpoint
what does a businessman use when making speeches, but pastors don't during their sermons?	projector
what is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars	buy a house
what is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars	buy a car
what is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars	vacation
what is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars	shopping spree
what is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars	pay bills
what is the first thing you would do if you won a million dollars	quit job
what is the best way to spend a snow day	sleeping
what is the best way to spend a snow day	sledding
what is the best way to spend a snow day	skiing
what is the best way to spend a snow day	watching tv/movies
what is the best way to spend a snow day	reading
where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world?	board game
where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world?	casino
where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world?	arcade
where do you get money that can't be used to buy anything in the real world?	online
why might a person drink tea instead of coffee?	less caffeine
why might a person drink tea instead of coffee?	taste
why might a person drink tea instead of coffee?	healthier
why might a person drink tea instead of coffee?	have a cold
why might a person drink tea instead of coffee?	they're english
who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding?	ex
who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding?	enemy
who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding?	boss
who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding?	affair
who would a bride not want to show up unannounced at her wedding?	cops
while driving, name something you have to keep an eye on	road
while driving, name something you have to keep an eye on	other cars
while driving, name something you have to keep an eye on	speed limit
while driving, name something you have to keep an eye on	traffic signs
while driving, name something you have to keep an eye on	gas guage
while driving, name something you have to keep an eye on	pedestrians
what's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion?	what do you do?
what's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion?	married?
what's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion?	have any kids?
what's the first thing you're likely to be asked about at your high school reunion?	how are you?
what might you draw on a picture of someone's face in order to make them look silly?	moustache
what might you draw on a picture of someone's face in order to make them look silly?	beard
what might you draw on a picture of someone's face in order to make them look silly?	big nose
what might you draw on a picture of someone's face in order to make them look silly?	horns
what might you draw on a picture of someone's face in order to make them look silly?	glasses
what would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service?	stale food
what would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service?	hair in food
what would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service?	bugs in food
what would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service?	food poisoning
what would compel a consumer of a food product to call costumer service?	broken seal
what do people miss about their youth	energy
what do people miss about their youth	looks
what do people miss about their youth	fun
what do people miss about their youth	going to school
what do people miss about their youth	freedom
what do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't?	cook
what do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't?	clean
what do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't?	work drive thru
what do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't?	use cash register
what do fast-food employees have to do, that 5-star wait staff don't?	wear uniform
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	baseball
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	football
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	basketball
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	soccer
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	tennis
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	dodgeball
what sport would become disastrous if the regular ball was replaced with a bowling ball?	volleyball
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it most.	head
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it most.	neck
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it most.	back
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it most.	shoulders
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it most.	feet
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it most.	chest
what might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside?	rain
what might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside?	blizzard
what might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside?	thunder strorm
what might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside?	tornado
what might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside?	hurricane
what might you hear in a weather forecast that would keep you from going outside?	cold temperature
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	say i love you
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	ramble
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	shot
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	cry
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	beg for a date
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	say wrong name
what might a date do on your answering machine that would keep you from calling them back	sing
whose phone number might a child know by heart?	emergency department
whose phone number might a child know by heart?	home phone
whose phone number might a child know by heart?	grandparents
whose phone number might a child know by heart?	best friend
what information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book?	phone number
what information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book?	name
what information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book?	what dhe looks like
what information about a woman might a man keep in his little black book?	address
when shopping, name a way you can tell if someone is a sales clerk	name tag
when shopping, name a way you can tell if someone is a sales clerk	wears uniform
when shopping, name a way you can tell if someone is a sales clerk	follows you
when shopping, name a way you can tell if someone is a sales clerk	offers help
what item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving	drinks
what item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving	salad
what item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving	dessert
what item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving	rolls
what item might a person who cant cook be asked to bring to thanksgiving	cranberry sauce
what might someone promise to do if they wanted to be elected president?	lower taxes
what might someone promise to do if they wanted to be elected president?	world peace
what might someone promise to do if they wanted to be elected president?	create jobs
what might someone promise to do if they wanted to be elected president?	affordable healthcare
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	clothes
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	food
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	money
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	bedding
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	toys
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	backpack
what might a kid take along if he's planning to run away fro home?	bike
why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute	cold feet
why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute	cheating
why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute	not in love
why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute	not ready
why might a bride or groom back out of wedding at the last minute	had a fight
where do people often go for their honeymoons	hawaii
where do people often go for their honeymoons	bahamas
where do people often go for their honeymoons	niagra falls
where do people often go for their honeymoons	mexico
where do people often go for their honeymoons	las vegas
where do people often go for their honeymoons	paris
where do people often go for their honeymoons	jamaica
which words do you dread hearing at the dentists office	cavity
which words do you dread hearing at the dentists office	drill
which words do you dread hearing at the dentists office	root canal
which words do you dread hearing at the dentists office	oops
which imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team?	santa claus
which imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team?	easter bunny
which imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team?	grinch
which imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team?	ebenezer scrooge
which imagninary holiday character would you least like to have on your relay race team?	frosty
which of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays?	mom
which of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays?	dad
which of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays?	spouse
which of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays?	grandparent
which of your family members is hardest to shop for around the holidays?	child
what do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out	tour bus
what do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out	bicycle for 2
what do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out	rental cars
what do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out	taxi
what do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out	carriage
what do tourists ride in or on that makes them stand out	rickshaw
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	money
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	pen
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	gum
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	phone
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	keys
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	lipstick
what's the worst thing to leave in your pants pocket when they go through the wash	tissues
when doing laundry for the first time, name something a single guy might screw up	mixing colors
when doing laundry for the first time, name something a single guy might screw up	bleach clothes
when doing laundry for the first time, name something a single guy might screw up	too much soap
when doing laundry for the first time, name something a single guy might screw up	things for dry clean
where do many kids think that babies come from?	the stork
where do many kids think that babies come from?	heaven
where do many kids think that babies come from?	a cabbage patch
where do many kids think that babies come from?	mom's tummy
where do many kids think that babies come from?	the hospital
where do many kids think that babies come from?	santa clause
what could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have	internet
what could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have	mouse
what could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have	printer
what could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have	speakers
what could your computer run without but it would be a bummer not to have	keyboard
why would you call the doctor if you're not sick?	ask a question
why would you call the doctor if you're not sick?	check up
why would you call the doctor if you're not sick?	perscription refill
why would you call the doctor if you're not sick?	doctor's excuse
why would you call the doctor if you're not sick?	someone else sick
why would you call the doctor if you're not sick?	vaccination
which subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite	gym
which subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite	english
which subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite	art
which subject would most elementary school kids say is their favorite	math
when hosting a dinner party what might you ask a friend to bring	alcohol
when hosting a dinner party what might you ask a friend to bring	dessert
when hosting a dinner party what might you ask a friend to bring	salad
when hosting a dinner party what might you ask a friend to bring	chips
what thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight?	turkey
what thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight?	stuffing
what thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight?	mashed potatoes
what thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight?	pie
what thanksgiving dish would do the least damage if thrown at you in a food fight?	cranberry sauce
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	banking
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	paying bills
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	shopping
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	emailing
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	doing taxes
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	education
what kinds of tasks do we now handle online that we didnt use to years ago	working
when sitting close to a date, what clue might they give that they like you	holds your hand
when sitting close to a date, what clue might they give that they like you	kisses you
when sitting close to a date, what clue might they give that they like you	smiling
when sitting close to a date, what clue might they give that they like you	arm around you
when sitting close to a date, what clue might they give that they like you	move closer
when sitting close to a date, what clue might they give that they like you	looking at you
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	low pay
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	hours are bad
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	mean boss
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	location
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	no benefits
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	dangerous
what might you find out about a job that would keep you from accepting it	travel a lot
what would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane?	sleeping
what would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane?	reading
what would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane?	getting a word in
what would the chatterbox next to you keep you from doing on an airplane?	nmusic/movie
what occupation do you think requires nerves of steel?	surgeon
what occupation do you think requires nerves of steel?	police officer
what occupation do you think requires nerves of steel?	firefighter
what occupation do you think requires nerves of steel?	teacher
what occupation do you think requires nerves of steel?	construction
what occupation do you think requires nerves of steel?	pilot
we surveyed 100 married men...what's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card?	macy's
we surveyed 100 married men...what's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card?	saks 5th avenue
we surveyed 100 married men...what's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card?	neiman marcus
we surveyed 100 married men...what's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card?	wal-mart
we surveyed 100 married men...what's a famous store you hope never gives your wife a credit card?	tiffany & co.
when it's not love, name a word used to describe strong romantic feelings.	lust
when it's not love, name a word used to describe strong romantic feelings.	infatuation
what color wigs do you suspect cher might have	black
what color wigs do you suspect cher might have	blonde
what color wigs do you suspect cher might have	red
when people give up smoking, name another habit they may pick up.	overeating
when people give up smoking, name another habit they may pick up.	biting nails
without seeing it, name a way you can tell someone has a cat in their house.	litter box
without seeing it, name a way you can tell someone has a cat in their house.	smell
what is the last thing you stuck your finger in.	nose
what is the last thing you stuck your finger in.	ear/my cat's ear
what is the last thing you stuck your finger in.	mouth/teeth
what would be the worst thing to be allergic to?	food
what would be the worst thing to be allergic to?	people
what would be the worst thing to be allergic to?	water
what would be the worst thing to be allergic to?	animals
what would be the worst thing to be allergic to?	money
what is the best soap opera of all time.	days of our lives
what is the best soap opera of all time.	all my children
what is the best soap opera of all time.	general hospital
what is the best soap opera of all time.	the young and the restles
when you're staying at a hotel, name a place where you might ask a person to meet you.	lobby
when you're staying at a hotel, name a place where you might ask a person to meet you.	bar
when you're staying at a hotel, name a place where you might ask a person to meet you.	restaurant
when you're staying at a hotel, name a place where you might ask a person to meet you.	outside hotel
when you're staying at a hotel, name a place where you might ask a person to meet you.	elevator
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	paris
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	london
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	honolulu
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	sydney
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	rome
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	hong kong
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	new york
which world city would you like to win a trip to?	san francisco
we surveyed 100 men...tell me a snack that goes well with beer.	pretzels
we surveyed 100 men...tell me a snack that goes well with beer.	peanuts
we surveyed 100 men...tell me a snack that goes well with beer.	potato chips
we surveyed 100 men...tell me a snack that goes well with beer.	chicken/buf. wing
we surveyed 100 men...tell me a snack that goes well with beer.	pizza
we surveyed 100 men...tell me a snack that goes well with beer.	popcorn
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly what do you do about it?	investigate
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly what do you do about it?	nothing
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly what do you do about it?	get scared
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly what do you do about it?	wake up mate
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly what do you do about it?	call police
when you hear a strange noise in the house during the night, exactly what do you do about it?	get weapon
what do you think of when you hear the word, "bond"?	james bond
what do you think of when you hear the word, "bond"?	jail
what do you think of when you hear the word, "bond"?	stocks
what do you think of when you hear the word, "bond"?	marriage
what do you think of when you hear the word, "bond"?	glue
what do you think of when you hear the word, "bond"?	money
why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night?	watching tv
why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night?	playing
why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night?	can't sleep
why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night?	no school
why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night?	swimming
why might kids want to stay up late on a hot summer night?	camping
we surveyed 100 women...what's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party?	date/time?
we surveyed 100 women...what's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party?	where is it?
we surveyed 100 women...what's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party?	what occasion?
we surveyed 100 women...what's the first question you ask when you're invited to a party?	what to wear?
who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test?	children
who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test?	boss/co-workers
who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test?	spouse/lover
who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test?	parents
who is it that you hope will never get to see the results of of your iq test?	teachers
we surveyed 100 women...what does it take to get your lover in the mood?	nothing
we surveyed 100 women...what does it take to get your lover in the mood?	music/singing
we surveyed 100 women...what does it take to get your lover in the mood?	a kiss
we surveyed 100 women...what does it take to get your lover in the mood?	a caress/touch
we surveyed 100 women...what does it take to get your lover in the mood?	a lil' drinky-poo
who is the greatest female tennis player ever?	serena williams
who is the greatest female tennis player ever?	billie jean king
who is the greatest female tennis player ever?	m. navratilova
who is the greatest female tennis player ever?	venus williams
who is the greatest female tennis player ever?	chris evert
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	food
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	kindness/love
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	sex
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	money/gifts
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	family/children
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	sense of humor
we surveyed 100 women...what do you think is really the best way to a man's heart?	honesty
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	pedestrians
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	other drivers
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	police officers
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	animals
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	red lights
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	potholes
what should you always be on the lookout for when you're driving?	bicycles
who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history?	albert einstein
who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history?	ben franklin
who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history?	gandhi
who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history?	leonardo da vinci
who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history?	jesus christ
who do you think had the greatest mind in all of history?	malcom x
when playing charades, name one thing people do to imitate a dog.	bark
when playing charades, name one thing people do to imitate a dog.	pant/tongue out
when playing charades, name one thing people do to imitate a dog.	down on all fours
when playing charades, name one thing people do to imitate a dog.	hands up/beg
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	money/security
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	he's great lover
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	kids/pregnant
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	he's handsome
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	his personality
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	companionship
we surveyed 100 women...why might you marry a man you don't really love?	parents made me
what animal do you think eats the most?	elephant
what animal do you think eats the most?	dog
what animal do you think eats the most?	pig
what animal do you think eats the most?	lion
what animal do you think eats the most?	cow
what animal do you think eats the most?	horse
what animal do you think eats the most?	bear
what is the first word many babies say?	mama
what is the first word many babies say?	dada
what is the first word many babies say?	baba/bottle
what is the first word many babies say?	bye-bye
what are the most popular after-school snacks for kids?	cookies
what are the most popular after-school snacks for kids?	fruit
what are the most popular after-school snacks for kids?	chips
what are the most popular after-school snacks for kids?	pizza
what are the most popular after-school snacks for kids?	sandwich
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	watching tv
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	sleeping
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	being alone
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	out with friends
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	reading
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	on different date
when you're on a bad blind date, name something you wish you could be doing instead.	fishing
which phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following?	honor and obey
which phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following?	til death do us part
which phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following?	for richer or poorer
which phrase from their wedding vows do people have the hardest time following?	sickness and health
when people talk about "the big one," what do they refer to?	heart attack
when people talk about "the big one," what do they refer to?	earthquake
when people talk about "the big one," what do they refer to?	war
when people talk about "the big one," what do they refer to?	death
when people talk about "the big one," what do they refer to?	lottery
what could you find in a garden salad, but not in a garden	dressing
what could you find in a garden salad, but not in a garden	croutons
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	money/credit card
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	keys
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	clothes/shoes
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	razor/shaver
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	tools
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	remote control
we surveyed 100 married men...name something of yours you hide so your wife won't use it.	cell phone
where do many teenagers have their first kiss?	car
where do many teenagers have their first kiss?	school dance
where do many teenagers have their first kiss?	movies
where do many teenagers have their first kiss?	park
where do many teenagers have their first kiss?	front door
what's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane?	crashing
what's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane?	turbulence
what's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane?	taking off
what's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane?	landing
what's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane?	lines
what's the one worst aspect of flying on a plane?	too high
which country has the hardest working people?	united states
which country has the hardest working people?	japan
which country has the hardest working people?	china
which country has the hardest working people?	mexico
which country has the hardest working people?	india
which country has the hardest working people?	russia
when a man buys flowers for a woman, name a reason why he might choose one kind over another.	price
when a man buys flowers for a woman, name a reason why he might choose one kind over another.	her favorite
when a man buys flowers for a woman, name a reason why he might choose one kind over another.	love
when a man buys flowers for a woman, name a reason why he might choose one kind over another.	color
when a man buys flowers for a woman, name a reason why he might choose one kind over another.	fragrance
when a man buys flowers for a woman, name a reason why he might choose one kind over another.	occasion
what's the most important quality an employee can have?	honesty
what's the most important quality an employee can have?	loyalty
what's the most important quality an employee can have?	dependable
what's the most important quality an employee can have?	hard working
what's the most important quality an employee can have?	prompt
what would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway?	money
what would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway?	gas
what would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway?	time
what would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway?	ammunition
what would a bank robber want to have plenty of while making his getaway?	speed
which part of your body do you scratch the most?	head
which part of your body do you scratch the most?	back
which part of your body do you scratch the most?	arm
which part of your body do you scratch the most?	nose
which part of your body do you scratch the most?	face
which part of your body do you scratch the most?	derriere
we surveyed 100 men...name an interesting subject for conversation.	politics
we surveyed 100 men...name an interesting subject for conversation.	sex/women
we surveyed 100 men...name an interesting subject for conversation.	sports
we surveyed 100 men...name an interesting subject for conversation.	movies/entertain.
we surveyed 100 men...name an interesting subject for conversation.	work/job
we surveyed 100 men...name an interesting subject for conversation.	children/family
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	reading
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	playing
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	chores
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	sleeping
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	crafts
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	sports
what would a parent most want to see his child spend the afternoon doing?	helping people
what do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out?	watch tv/movie
what do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out?	play games
what do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out?	sleep/relax
what do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out?	cook/eat dinner
what do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out?	have friends over
what do people do at home on a saturday night if they can't afford to go out?	make love
we surveyed 100 men...name something men worry about more than women.	money
we surveyed 100 men...name something men worry about more than women.	appearance
we surveyed 100 men...name something men worry about more than women.	security/job
we surveyed 100 men...name something men worry about more than women.	sex
we surveyed 100 men...name something men worry about more than women.	car
which tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom?	judge judy
which tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom?	judge mathis
which tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom?	judge joe brown
which tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom?	judge wapner
which tv judge would you hate to have to face in a real courtroom?	judge hatchett
what do many people think will change about their partner once they get married?	weight
what do many people think will change about their partner once they get married?	looks
what do many people think will change about their partner once they get married?	physical affection
what do many people think will change about their partner once they get married?	attitude
what do many people think will change about their partner once they get married?	habits
what do many people think will change about their partner once they get married?	financial status
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	football
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	basketball
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	golf
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	baseball
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	tennis
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	polo
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	soccer
we surveyed 100 women...name a sport you'd only watch if the players were naked.	hockey
when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly.	go to the bathroom
when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly.	watch tv
when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly.	eat
when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly.	sleep
when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly.	read
when it's the middle of the night, tell me an activity you try to do quietly.	type
we surveyed 100 married men...tell me something you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can.	clean
we surveyed 100 married men...tell me something you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can.	cook
we surveyed 100 married men...tell me something you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can.	iron/laundry
we surveyed 100 married men...tell me something you're sure a robot could do better than your spouse can.	drive
which city do you think has the rudest drivers?	new york
which city do you think has the rudest drivers?	los angeles
which city do you think has the rudest drivers?	chicago
which city do you think has the rudest drivers?	atlanta
which city do you think has the rudest drivers?	detroit
which city do you think has the rudest drivers?	boston
what would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family?	food
what would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family?	education
what would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family?	house
what would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family?	electricity
what would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family?	clothes
what would you say is the biggest expense in a very large family?	healthcare
what are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives?	traffic ticket
what are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives?	cigarette
what are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives?	accident
what are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives?	affair
what are people talking about when they brag they've never had a single one in their lives?	cavity
when a man breaks a woman's heart, name something of his she'd like to break.	head/body
when a man breaks a woman's heart, name something of his she'd like to break.	windshield/car
when a man breaks a woman's heart, name something of his she'd like to break.	his heart
when a man breaks a woman's heart, name something of his she'd like to break.	ego/pride
you never forget how to ride a bike. name something else you never forget how to do.	drive
you never forget how to ride a bike. name something else you never forget how to do.	kiss/make love
you never forget how to ride a bike. name something else you never forget how to do.	skate
you never forget how to ride a bike. name something else you never forget how to do.	walk
you never forget how to ride a bike. name something else you never forget how to do.	write/sign name
you live to be 100. name something you hope is still with you.	your mind
you live to be 100. name something you hope is still with you.	spouse
you live to be 100. name something you hope is still with you.	eyesight
you live to be 100. name something you hope is still with you.	health
you live to be 100. name something you hope is still with you.	my teeth
you live to be 100. name something you hope is still with you.	children
at a restaurant, what do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good.	send back/new dish
at a restaurant, what do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good.	complain
at a restaurant, what do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good.	just eat it
at a restaurant, what do you do if your meal doesn't taste very good.	refuse to pay/refund
according to commercials, what product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him?	cologne/aftershave
according to commercials, what product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him?	car
according to commercials, what product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him?	deodorant
according to commercials, what product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him?	shampoo
according to commercials, what product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him?	hair growth cream
according to commercials, what product should a man buy in order to have women flock to him?	beer
although it was nice to be a kid, name a part of childhood you'd never want to go through again.	school
although it was nice to be a kid, name a part of childhood you'd never want to go through again.	puberty
although it was nice to be a kid, name a part of childhood you'd never want to go through again.	acne
although it was nice to be a kid, name a part of childhood you'd never want to go through again.	potty training
at a public pool what might you pay extra to rent	locker
at a public pool what might you pay extra to rent	towel
at a public pool what might you pay extra to rent	chair
at a public pool what might you pay extra to rent	inner tube/float
at a public pool what might you pay extra to rent	umbrella
at the theater,what do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes?	leave
at the theater,what do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes?	fall asleep
at the theater,what do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes?	watch it anyway
at the theater,what do you do if the movie stinks within the first 10 minutes?	ask for money back
apart from tv and film, name something you watch.	sport
apart from tv and film, name something you watch.	kids
apart from tv and film, name something you watch.	people
apart from tv and film, name something you watch.	a play
apart from tv and film, name something you watch.	time
apart from tv and film, name something you watch.	clock
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, name something you might find underneath it.	money/change
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, name something you might find underneath it.	dust bunnies
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, name something you might find underneath it.	old food
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, name something you might find underneath it.	toys
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, name something you might find underneath it.	clothes/shoes
after finally moving the couch for the first time in ten years, name something you might find underneath it.	the remote
as early as october, how can you tell christmas is coming?	gets cold out
as early as october, how can you tell christmas is coming?	decorations
according to women: what is the most important element in a relationship?	trust
according to women: what is the most important element in a relationship?	love
apart from a bee, what else can sting you?	wasp
apart from a bee, what else can sting you?	jellyfish
apart from a bee, what else can sting you?	mosquito
apart from a bee, what else can sting you?	bullant
apart from a bee, what else can sting you?	scorpion
besides syrup, name something kids love to put on their pancakes.	butter
besides syrup, name something kids love to put on their pancakes.	jelly
besides syrup, name something kids love to put on their pancakes.	berries
besides syrup, name something kids love to put on their pancakes.	cinnamon
besides utensils, name something that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down.	napkins
besides utensils, name something that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down.	salt and pepper
besides utensils, name something that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down.	menu
besides utensils, name something that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down.	glass
besides utensils, name something that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down.	table cloth
besides utensils, name something that's already on the restaurant table when you sit down.	ketchup
besides blueberry name a kind of muffin people eat at breakfast.	bran
besides blueberry name a kind of muffin people eat at breakfast.	banana
besides blueberry name a kind of muffin people eat at breakfast.	raisin
besides blueberry name a kind of muffin people eat at breakfast.	corn
besides blueberry name a kind of muffin people eat at breakfast.	chocolate chip
besides blueberry name a kind of muffin people eat at breakfast.	apple
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	mushroom
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	meat
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	garlic
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	bell pepper
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	oregano
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	onion
besides tomatoes name something you sometimes find in spaghetti sauce	basil
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	magazines
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	bookmarks
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	newspaper
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	miusic
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	calendars
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	coffee
besides books, name something that's sold in a bookstore	audio book
besides pants, name an article of clothing that might be made out of denim.	jacket
besides pants, name an article of clothing that might be made out of denim.	shirt
besides pants, name an article of clothing that might be made out of denim.	skirt
besides pants, name an article of clothing that might be made out of denim.	hat
besides pants, name an article of clothing that might be made out of denim.	vest
besides pants, name an article of clothing that might be made out of denim.	dress
besides the ball, name something you need to play soccer.	players
besides the ball, name something you need to play soccer.	net
besides the ball, name something you need to play soccer.	cleats
besides the ball, name something you need to play soccer.	feet
besides the ball, name something you need to play soccer.	uniform
besides the ball, name something you need to play soccer.	protective gear
besides your mother, name a female who told you what to do while you were growing up	grandmother
besides your mother, name a female who told you what to do while you were growing up	aunt
besides your mother, name a female who told you what to do while you were growing up	teacher
besides your mother, name a female who told you what to do while you were growing up	older sister
besides your mother, name a female who told you what to do while you were growing up	babysitter
besides watching it name something people do in front of the television	eat
besides watching it name something people do in front of the television	sleep
besides watching it name something people do in front of the television	exersice
besides watching it name something people do in front of the television	games
besides watching it name something people do in front of the television	talk
before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie	actors
before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie	subtitles
before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie	music
before you see any fighting how do you know youre watching a kung fu movie	title
besides math name the most difficult subject in school	science
besides math name the most difficult subject in school	english
besides math name the most difficult subject in school	history
besides math name the most difficult subject in school	foreign language
besides spaghetti, name a type of pasta.	penne
besides spaghetti, name a type of pasta.	lasagna
besides spaghetti, name a type of pasta.	fettucini
besides spaghetti, name a type of pasta.	rotini
besides spaghetti, name a type of pasta.	linguine
besides spaghetti, name a type of pasta.	ravioli
besides the blade name something youd find on a swiss army knife	corkscrew
besides the blade name something youd find on a swiss army knife	screw driver
besides the blade name something youd find on a swiss army knife	scissors
besides the blade name something youd find on a swiss army knife	can opener
besides the blade name something youd find on a swiss army knife	bottle opener
besides the blade name something youd find on a swiss army knife	nail file
besides a professional cyclist, name a job that involves bicycle riding	cop
besides a professional cyclist, name a job that involves bicycle riding	messenger
besides a professional cyclist, name a job that involves bicycle riding	paper boy
besides a professional cyclist, name a job that involves bicycle riding	clown
besides coke, name another kind of soda.	sprite
besides coke, name another kind of soda.	pepsi
besides coke, name another kind of soda.	root beer
besides coke, name another kind of soda.	7 up
besides coke, name another kind of soda.	dr pepper
besides coke, name another kind of soda.	mountain dew
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	hang out at pool
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	get a massage
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	sit in sauna
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	soak in hot tub
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	socialize
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	eat
besides exercise, name something a person might do at a fancy health club.	watch tv
besides cheer, name something fans do at a baseball game.	eat
besides cheer, name something fans do at a baseball game.	drink
besides medicine, name something people keep in their medicine cabinet.	bandages
besides medicine, name something people keep in their medicine cabinet.	toothpaste
besides medicine, name something people keep in their medicine cabinet.	toothbrush
besides pizza, name something a pizza place might serve	bread/cheese sticks
besides pizza, name something a pizza place might serve	salad
besides potato chips, name a food you can't eat just one of.	cookies
besides potato chips, name a food you can't eat just one of.	french fries
besides potato chips, name a food you can't eat just one of.	candy
besides potato chips, name a food you can't eat just one of.	nuts
besides potato chips, name a food you can't eat just one of.	popcorn
besides potato chips, name a food you can't eat just one of.	pretzels
besides dishes, name something you might put in your dishwasher.	pot and pans
besides dishes, name something you might put in your dishwasher.	silverware
besides dishes, name something you might put in your dishwasher.	soap
besides a police officer, name a profession where it's important to carry identification.	doctor
besides a police officer, name a profession where it's important to carry identification.	firefighter
besides a police officer, name a profession where it's important to carry identification.	government employees
besides a police officer, name a profession where it's important to carry identification.	teacher
besides a police officer, name a profession where it's important to carry identification.	lawyer
besides a police officer, name a profession where it's important to carry identification.	security guard
based on what you've heard or believe, what do you think you'd find in heaven?	angels
based on what you've heard or believe, what do you think you'd find in heaven?	god/jesus
based on what you've heard or believe, what do you think you'd find in heaven?	peace/happiness
based on what you've heard or believe, what do you think you'd find in heaven?	loved ones
based on what you've heard or believe, what do you think you'd find in heaven?	"pearly gates"
based on what you've heard or believe, what do you think you'd find in heaven?	clouds
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church.	wedding
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church.	christmas
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church.	easter
besides a regular sunday, tell me an occasion when you might go to church.	funeral
besides shoes, name something people buy for their feet.	socks
besides shoes, name something people buy for their feet.	nail polish
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	watch
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	jewelry
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	shoes
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	deodorant
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	eyeglasses
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	makeup
besides clothing, name something people wear every day:	smile
besides your foot name a part of the body that occasionally falls asleep.	hand
besides your foot name a part of the body that occasionally falls asleep.	arm
besides your foot name a part of the body that occasionally falls asleep.	leg
besides your foot name a part of the body that occasionally falls asleep.	buttocks
complete this sentence. the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together.	sleep
complete this sentence. the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together.	work
complete this sentence. the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together.	talk
complete this sentence. the key to a successful marriage is ____ing together.	laugh
children have trouble sharing toys. name something adults have trouble sharing.	money
children have trouble sharing toys. name something adults have trouble sharing.	spouse
children have trouble sharing toys. name something adults have trouble sharing.	thoughts
children have trouble sharing toys. name something adults have trouble sharing.	time
children have trouble sharing toys. name something adults have trouble sharing.	remote
children have trouble sharing toys. name something adults have trouble sharing.	cars
during which month of pregnancy do couples announce it?	3
during which month of pregnancy do couples announce it?	4
during which month of pregnancy do couples announce it?	2
during which month of pregnancy do couples announce it?	6
during which month of pregnancy do couples announce it?	5
during which month of pregnancy do couples announce it?	1
during your morning routine name something youd hate to discover wasnt working	shower
during your morning routine name something youd hate to discover wasnt working	coffeemaker
during your morning routine name something youd hate to discover wasnt working	car
during your morning routine name something youd hate to discover wasnt working	hair dryer
during your morning routine name something youd hate to discover wasnt working	alarm clock
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but name an expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix.	car/tires
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but name an expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix.	tv/electronics
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but name an expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix.	ring/jewelry
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but name an expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix.	frige/appliance
duct tape can fix a lot of things, but name an expensive item that it would probably be useless to fix.	glass/window
even in a tidy house, name one place where there's usually junk hidden away.	closet
even in a tidy house, name one place where there's usually junk hidden away.	under bed
even in a tidy house, name one place where there's usually junk hidden away.	attic
even in a tidy house, name one place where there's usually junk hidden away.	garage
even in a tidy house, name one place where there's usually junk hidden away.	kitchen drawer
even in a tidy house, name one place where there's usually junk hidden away.	basement
for which occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift?	birthday
for which occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift?	anniversary
for which occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift?	wedding
for which occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift?	christmas
for which occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift?	valentines day
for which occasion would you hate to forget to buy a gift?	mothers day
finish the sentence: hold your _____.	breath
finish the sentence: hold your _____.	horses
finish the sentence: hold your _____.	tongue
finish the sentence: hold your _____.	hand
finish the sentence: hold your _____.	nose
finish the sentence: hold your _____.	own
fill in the blank: it's hard to find a good _______.	man
fill in the blank: it's hard to find a good _______.	job
give me a name you hear a lot in the bible.	jesus
give me a name you hear a lot in the bible.	god
give me a name you hear a lot in the bible.	john
give me a short phrase containing the word "mind."	your own business
give me a short phrase containing the word "mind."	mind over matter
give me a short phrase containing the word "mind."	mind...to waste
give me a short phrase containing the word "mind."	lose my/your mind
give me a short phrase containing the word "mind."	mind-boggling
give me a phrase that begins with the words "get a..."	get a life
give me a phrase that begins with the words "get a..."	get a job
give me a phrase that begins with the words "get a..."	get a grip
give me a phrase that begins with the words "get a..."	get away
give me a famous diane or diana.	princess diana
give me a famous diane or diana.	diana ross
give me a famous diane or diana.	diane keaton
give me a famous diane or diana.	diane sawyer
give me a famous diane or diana.	diahann carroll
give me another expression for prison.	jail
give me another expression for prison.	penitentiary/pen
give me another expression for prison.	the joint
give me another expression for prison.	the slammer
give me another expression for prison.	big house
give me another expression for prison.	hoosegow
give me a diy project that you might take up in your house.	painting
give me a diy project that you might take up in your house.	remodel kitchen
give me a diy project that you might take up in your house.	remodel bathroom
give me a diy project that you might take up in your house.	make shelves
give me a woman's name that is 4 letters long.	mary
give me a woman's name that is 4 letters long.	jane
give me a woman's name that is 4 letters long.	lisa
give me a woman's name that is 4 letters long.	beth
give me a woman's name that is 4 letters long.	kate
give me a woman's name that is 4 letters long.	sara
how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas?	four weeks
how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas?	three weeks
how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas?	two weeks
how many weeks in advance do you decorate for christmas?	six weeks
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	4
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	5
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	6
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	7
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	10
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	12
how many pairs of pants does the average man own	15
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed?	8
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed?	7
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed?	6
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed?	10
how many hours of sleep does the average person need in oder to wake up refreshed?	9
husbands and wives share many things. what is something that a husband and wife should never share.	toothbrush
husbands and wives share many things. what is something that a husband and wife should never share.	underwear
husbands and wives share many things. what is something that a husband and wife should never share.	money
husbands and wives share many things. what is something that a husband and wife should never share.	razor
husbands and wives share many things. what is something that a husband and wife should never share.	secrets
husbands and wives share many things. what is something that a husband and wife should never share.	a bathroom
in the office, name something that people borrow but almost never return?	pen/pencil
in the office, name something that people borrow but almost never return?	money
in the office, name something that people borrow but almost never return?	stapler
in the office, name something that people borrow but almost never return?	paper
if a woman had a midlife crisis what might she do	buy new car
if a woman had a midlife crisis what might she do	have an affair
if a woman had a midlife crisis what might she do	plastic surgery
if a woman had a midlife crisis what might she do	shopping spree
if a woman had a midlife crisis what might she do	cut/dye hair
if a woman was to marry tarzan, name something she would have to get used to	living in jungle
if a woman was to marry tarzan, name something she would have to get used to	his yelling
if a woman was to marry tarzan, name something she would have to get used to	his swinging
if a woman was to marry tarzan, name something she would have to get used to	apes
if a woman was to marry tarzan, name something she would have to get used to	his outfit
if a woman was to marry tarzan, name something she would have to get used to	his odor
if or out of the dentist's chair, name something the dentist warns not to do.	consume sweets
if or out of the dentist's chair, name something the dentist warns not to do.	smoke
if or out of the dentist's chair, name something the dentist warns not to do.	wiggle
if or out of the dentist's chair, name something the dentist warns not to do.	swallow
if or out of the dentist's chair, name something the dentist warns not to do.	bite down
if or out of the dentist's chair, name something the dentist warns not to do.	grind teeth
if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier?	maid
if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier?	chef
if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier?	butler
if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier?	nanny
if money isn't an object, who do people hire to help make their lives easier?	driver
if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore.	corn on the cob
if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore.	apples
if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore.	steak
if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore.	candy
if you had no teeth, tell me a food you couldn't eat anymore.	ribs
if you go to sleep with the windows open, name a sound that might wake you up.	birds
if you go to sleep with the windows open, name a sound that might wake you up.	wind
if you go to sleep with the windows open, name a sound that might wake you up.	traffic
if you go to sleep with the windows open, name a sound that might wake you up.	crickets
if you go to sleep with the windows open, name a sound that might wake you up.	storm
if you go to sleep with the windows open, name a sound that might wake you up.	dog
if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out?	rodeo
if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out?	saloon
if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out?	farm
if you wanted to marry a cowboy where would you start hanging out?	texas
if you got to be fearless for one day name the first thing youd try	sky diving
if you got to be fearless for one day name the first thing youd try	fly
if you got to be fearless for one day name the first thing youd try	bungee jumping
if you got to be fearless for one day name the first thing youd try	driving a race car
if there is a doggy heaven, name something it probably has a lot of.	bones
if there is a doggy heaven, name something it probably has a lot of.	fire hydrants
if you just ran a marathon,what would you need to do after the race was over?	drink water
if you just ran a marathon,what would you need to do after the race was over?	rest
if you just ran a marathon,what would you need to do after the race was over?	shower
if you just ran a marathon,what would you need to do after the race was over?	stretch
if you just ran a marathon,what would you need to do after the race was over?	use bathroom
if a con man approached you, what do you think he'd immediately want to know?	your name
if a con man approached you, what do you think he'd immediately want to know?	your income
if a con man approached you, what do you think he'd immediately want to know?	your age
if a con man approached you, what do you think he'd immediately want to know?	your address
if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it?	kids
if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it?	elves
if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it?	reindeer
if santa had a twitter account, who might be an avid follower of it?	mrs claus
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	cry
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	bite
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	pull hair
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	pout
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	throw something
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	scream
if adults had fight like toddlers do, what might your spouse do the next time you disagreed?	tantrum
if a child were raised by squirrels name something he'd be good at.	climbing
if a child were raised by squirrels name something he'd be good at.	cracking nuts
if a child were raised by squirrels name something he'd be good at.	running
if a child were raised by squirrels name something he'd be good at.	storage in cheeks
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	play guitar
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	sing
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	piano
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	dance
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	record
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	dress
if they offered a class on how to be a rockstar name something they might teach you how to do	be crazy
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, what mode of transportation might he use instead?	airplane
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, what mode of transportation might he use instead?	car
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, what mode of transportation might he use instead?	bus
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, what mode of transportation might he use instead?	train
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, what mode of transportation might he use instead?	helicopter
if santa's reindeer couldn't fly on christmas eve, what mode of transportation might he use instead?	sled
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	grand canyon
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	statue of liberty
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	white house
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	eiffel tower
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	egyptian pyramids
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	great wall of china
if you were an earth tour guide which landmarks would you show to an alien	mount rushmore
if you were to write a memoir,name a specific topic that would come up a lot.	love/marriage
if you were to write a memoir,name a specific topic that would come up a lot.	family/children
if you were to write a memoir,name a specific topic that would come up a lot.	childhood
if you were to write a memoir,name a specific topic that would come up a lot.	work
if an auctioneer had a baby what might be her first words	sold
if an auctioneer had a baby what might be her first words	going once  gone
if an auctioneer had a baby what might be her first words	bid
if an auctioneer had a baby what might be her first words	do i hear
in a classroom, how can you tell a teacher is a substitute	nervous
in a classroom, how can you tell a teacher is a substitute	name on board
in a classroom, how can you tell a teacher is a substitute	doesn't know names
in a classroom, how can you tell a teacher is a substitute	no control
if you got stuck in the desert what would you want to have with you	water
if you got stuck in the desert what would you want to have with you	food
if you got stuck in the desert what would you want to have with you	a cell phone
if you got stuck in the desert what would you want to have with you	a camel
if you got stuck in the desert what would you want to have with you	a friend
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, what dessert might take its place?	chocolate cake
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, what dessert might take its place?	cheese cake
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, what dessert might take its place?	cherry pie
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, what dessert might take its place?	pumpkin pie
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, what dessert might take its place?	ice cream/float
if apple pie lost its title as the food defining america, what dessert might take its place?	choc. chip cookie
if you made a zoro doll, name something it might come with.	mask
if you made a zoro doll, name something it might come with.	cape
if you made a zoro doll, name something it might come with.	horse
if you have an unexpected knock on the door, name one thing you do before answering.	ask who it is
if you have an unexpected knock on the door, name one thing you do before answering.	look
if your dog won best in show, name something he'd do with his trophy.	chew
if your dog won best in show, name something he'd do with his trophy.	lick it
if your dog won best in show, name something he'd do with his trophy.	sniff it
if your dog won best in show, name something he'd do with his trophy.	bury it
if your dog won best in show, name something he'd do with his trophy.	drink from it
if your dog won best in show, name something he'd do with his trophy.	cuddle it
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	doctor
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	shrink
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	lawyer
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	plumber
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	construction
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	teacher
if she really wants to be happy, name an occupation jannifer aniston should date, instead of actors.	massage therapist
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," name something he might criticize about you.	weight/body
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," name something he might criticize about you.	singing voice
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," name something he might criticize about you.	looks/hair
if you dated simon cowell from "american idol," name something he might criticize about you.	clothes
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	diana ross
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	whitney houston
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	alicia keys
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	tina turner
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	beyonce
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	patti labelle
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	mariah carey
if aretha franklin's the queen of soul, who's the princess?	mary j. blige
if donald trump lost all his money, name something else he'd probably lose.	wife
if donald trump lost all his money, name something else he'd probably lose.	hair
if donald trump lost all his money, name something else he'd probably lose.	property
if donald trump lost all his money, name something else he'd probably lose.	fame
if donald trump lost all his money, name something else he'd probably lose.	mind
if donald trump lost all his money, name something else he'd probably lose.	dignity
if you decided to live a simpler life, what's the first thing you'd get rid of?	television
if you decided to live a simpler life, what's the first thing you'd get rid of?	phone
if you decided to live a simpler life, what's the first thing you'd get rid of?	computer
if you decided to live a simpler life, what's the first thing you'd get rid of?	car
if you decided to live a simpler life, what's the first thing you'd get rid of?	house
if you decided to live a simpler life, what's the first thing you'd get rid of?	job
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, what's a guy's?	dog
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, what's a guy's?	car
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, what's a guy's?	women/sex
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, what's a guy's?	money
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, what's a guy's?	sports
if diamonds are a girl's best friend, what's a guy's?	remote/tv
if gas gets much more expensive, name something you may have to go without.	driving car/gas
if gas gets much more expensive, name something you may have to go without.	food/eating out
if gas gets much more expensive, name something you may have to go without.	travel/vacation
if gas gets much more expensive, name something you may have to go without.	new clothes/shoes
if gas gets much more expensive, name something you may have to go without.	heat/air-cond.
if gas gets much more expensive, name something you may have to go without.	cigarette/smoking
if your pet could talk, what might they say to you?	feed them
if your pet could talk, what might they say to you?	walk them
if your pet could talk, what might they say to you?	treats
if your pet could talk, what might they say to you?	crazy
if your dog could talk, what might he say?	feed them
if your dog could talk, what might he say?	walk them
if your dog could talk, what might he say?	treats
if your dog could talk, what might he say?	crazy
if an angry dog was chasing you, what would you do?	run
if an angry dog was chasing you, what would you do?	stop/stand still
if an angry dog was chasing you, what would you do?	jump on something
if an angry dog was chasing you, what would you do?	kick/attack it
if an angry dog was chasing you, what would you do?	scream/yell
if an angry dog was chasing you, what would you do?	pray
if you lived in a glass house, name something your neighbors might see you doing in the nude.	shower/bath
if you lived in a glass house, name something your neighbors might see you doing in the nude.	making love
if you lived in a glass house, name something your neighbors might see you doing in the nude.	housework
if you lived in a glass house, name something your neighbors might see you doing in the nude.	dancing
if you lived in a glass house, name something your neighbors might see you doing in the nude.	cooking
in one word describe your feet.	big
in one word describe your feet.	small
in one word describe your feet.	cute
in one word describe your feet.	sore
in one word describe your feet.	ugly
in one word describe your feet.	strong
in one word describe your feet.	average
in one word describe your feet.	flat
like a colored easter egg, which holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later.	jack o'lantern
like a colored easter egg, which holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later.	fruitcake
like a colored easter egg, which holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later.	christmas tree
like a colored easter egg, which holiday object is fun to have when it's fresh, but not fun to find months later.	gingerbread house
living for dead, name a former president who's more popular now than during his presidency.	abraham lincoln
living for dead, name a former president who's more popular now than during his presidency.	ronald reagan
living for dead, name a former president who's more popular now than during his presidency.	john kennedy
living for dead, name a former president who's more popular now than during his presidency.	bill clinton
living for dead, name a former president who's more popular now than during his presidency.	george washington
living for dead, name a former president who's more popular now than during his presidency.	jimmy carter
men are something referred to as "weasels." name another animal men are compared to.	dog
men are something referred to as "weasels." name another animal men are compared to.	snake
men are something referred to as "weasels." name another animal men are compared to.	pig
men are something referred to as "weasels." name another animal men are compared to.	jackass
men are something referred to as "weasels." name another animal men are compared to.	lion
movie studio.	money
movie studio.	house
movie studio.	looks
movie studio.	eye color
name something that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house	no cookies
name something that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house	can't use chimney
name something that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house	a fire in fireplace
name something that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house	children awake
name something that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house	a dog
name something that might really annoy santa when he comes to your house	naughty kids
name something dogs get more excited about than people	bones
name something dogs get more excited about than people	food
name something dogs get more excited about than people	people
name something dogs get more excited about than people	treats
name something dogs get more excited about than people	other dogs
name something dogs get more excited about than people	going for a walk
name something dogs get more excited about than people	toys
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	shrek
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	toy story
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	lion king
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	et
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	bambi
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	cinderella
name a kids movie that most adults have seen too	finding nemo
name something given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children	treats
name something given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children	toys
name something given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children	attention
name something given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children	clothes
name something given to both spoiled dogs and spoiled children	praise
name something you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do.	walk
name something you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do.	talk
name something you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do.	read
name something you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do.	eat on their own
name something you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do.	hold a bottle
name something you'd be surprised to hear a six month old baby has already learned how to do.	crawl
name a term or phrase with the word "control" in it.	control freak
name a term or phrase with the word "control" in it.	remote control
name a term or phrase with the word "control" in it.	out of control
name a term or phrase with the word "control" in it.	control panel
name a term or phrase with the word "control" in it.	self control
name a term or phrase with the word "control" in it.	mind control
name something that causes yo to become friends with someone you otherwise wouldn't have	money
name something that causes yo to become friends with someone you otherwise wouldn't have	school/work
name something that causes yo to become friends with someone you otherwise wouldn't have	both have kids
name something that causes yo to become friends with someone you otherwise wouldn't have	mutual friiends
name something people mark on their calendars	birthdays
name something people mark on their calendars	appointments
name something people mark on their calendars	anniversary
name something people mark on their calendars	vacation
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	candles
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	incense
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	crystals
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	new age clothes
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	terot cards
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	lava lamp
name something specific you'd expect to see in one of those "new age" stores.	new age books
name a job that you'd need a license to do	doctor
name a job that you'd need a license to do	truck driver
name a job that you'd need a license to do	nurse
name a job that you'd need a license to do	taxi driver
name a job that you'd need a license to do	bus driver
name a job that you'd need a license to do	electrician
name a job that you'd need a license to do	teacher
name something specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane	seats
name something specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane	bathroom
name something specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane	floor
name something specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane	pillows/blankets
name something specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane	windows
name something specific that doesn't get cleaned between flights on an airplane	tray tables
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	new york city
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	st louise
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	houston
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	san francisco
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	los angeles
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	new orleans
name a city you recognize just by seeing a photo.	washington d.c.
name an activity for which you might use walkie talkies.	camping
name an activity for which you might use walkie talkies.	hiking
name an activity for which you might use walkie talkies.	hunting
name an activity for which you might use walkie talkies.	hide and seek
name a way you can tell that someone was just at the beach	suntan
name a way you can tell that someone was just at the beach	sunburn
name a way you can tell that someone was just at the beach	sand
name a way you can tell that someone was just at the beach	wet
name a way you can tell that someone was just at the beach	beach smell
name a way you can tell that someone was just at the beach	swim suit
name something you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry	breakfast
name something you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry	makeup
name something you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry	shower
name something you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry	doing dishes
name something you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry	coffee
name something you might cut out of your morning routine if you were in a big hurry	exercise
name a part of a dolls body that might be movable	head
name a part of a dolls body that might be movable	arms
name a part of a dolls body that might be movable	legs
name a part of a dolls body that might be movable	hand
name something people look for when choosing a diamond	the size
name something people look for when choosing a diamond	the price
name something people look for when choosing a diamond	if it's real
name something people look for when choosing a diamond	quality
name a city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel.	new york city
name a city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel.	las vegas
name a city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel.	paris
name a city where you would expect to pay a lot for a hotel.	los angeles
name something you've come to realize you're too old to put up with.	kids
name something you've come to realize you're too old to put up with.	drama/gossip
name something you've come to realize you're too old to put up with.	dating
name something you've come to realize you're too old to put up with.	noise
name something you've come to realize you're too old to put up with.	nightlife
name something you'd find washed up on the beach	sea shells
name something you'd find washed up on the beach	whale
name something you'd find washed up on the beach	msg in a bottle
name something you'd find washed up on the beach	fish
name something you'd find washed up on the beach	seaweed
name something you'd find washed up on the beach	trash
name something moms are desperate for	money
name something moms are desperate for	sleep
name something moms are desperate for	free time
name something moms are desperate for	help
name something moms are desperate for	quiet
name something that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink	olive
name something that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink	cherry
name something that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink	umbrella
name something that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink	lemon
name something that might be on a toothpick inside a fancy drink	lime
name something in a hotel room that's smaller than usual	fridge
name something in a hotel room that's smaller than usual	tv
name something in a hotel room that's smaller than usual	soap/shampoo
name something in a hotel room that's smaller than usual	bathroom
name something in a hotel room that's smaller than usual	shower
name something in a hotel room that's smaller than usual	table
name a common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party.	cane
name a common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party.	diapers
name a common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party.	black balloons
name a common gag gift at an "over the hill" birthday party.	glasses
name something you take a deep breath before looking at	blood/injury
name something you take a deep breath before looking at	finances
name something you take a deep breath before looking at	your weight
name something you take a deep breath before looking at	grades
name something you take a deep breath before looking at	scary movie
name something you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about	past relationships
name something you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about	intimacy
name something you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about	him/herself
name something you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about	monsy
name something you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about	family
name something you wouldnt want your date to talk too much about	work
name an occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else.	truck driver
name an occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else.	bus driver
name an occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else.	police officers
name an occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else.	taxi driver
name an occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else.	ambulance driver
name an occupation whose workers you hold to a higher driving standards that anyone else.	chaffeur
name something you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon	chains/bars
name something you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon	dragons
name something you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon	bones
name something you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon	bats
name something you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon	candles/darkness
name something you'd see if you were trapped in a dungeon	rats/mice
name a recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather	swimming
name a recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather	basketball
name a recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather	volleyball
name a recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather	surfing
name a recreational activity traditionally done in hot weather	boating
name a print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag	floral
name a print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag	plaid
name a print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag	polka dots
name a print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag	paisley
name a print youd find on a womans dress but not on a countrys flag	leopard print
name an animal that can live in the cold.	polar bear
name an animal that can live in the cold.	penguin
name an animal that can live in the cold.	seal
name an animal that can live in the cold.	wolf
name an animal that can live in the cold.	walrus
name something a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without	supervision
name something a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without	life jacket
name something a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without	swimsuit
name something a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without	inner tube
name something a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without	water wings
name something a kid might not be allowed to go in a swimming pool without	swimming cap
name a product people use on their hair	shampoo
name a product people use on their hair	hair spray
name a product people use on their hair	gel
name a product people use on their hair	conditioner
name a product people use on their hair	color
name a product people use on their hair	oil sheen
name a game that involves the word king	chess/checkers
name a game that involves the word king	king kong
name a game that involves the word king	king of the hill
name a game that involves the word king	king's corner
name a prop used by tap dancers	cane
name a prop used by tap dancers	top hat
name a prop used by tap dancers	baton
name a body part that often gets broken.	arm
name a body part that often gets broken.	leg
name a body part that often gets broken.	finger
name a body part that often gets broken.	neck
name a body part that often gets broken.	foot
name a body part that often gets broken.	ankle
name something you might do on a first date that ruins it.	pass gas
name something you might do on a first date that ruins it.	throw up/get sick
name something you might do on a first date that ruins it.	talk too much
name something you might do on a first date that ruins it.	go home together
name something you might do on a first date that ruins it.	get drunk
name something you might do on a first date that ruins it.	talk about ex
name a way you can tell someone is a doctor by just looking at them.	stethoscope
name a way you can tell someone is a doctor by just looking at them.	white coat
name a way you can tell someone is a doctor by just looking at them.	scrubs
name a way you can tell someone is a doctor by just looking at them.	id photo
name something a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails	sleep
name something a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails	sing
name something a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails	drink alcohol
name something a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails	eat
name something a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails	talk
name something a hobo does to pass his time while ridin the rails	read
name a patriotic song	star spangled
name a patriotic song	god bless america
name a patriotic song	born in the usa
name a patriotic song	amer the beautiful
name a patriotic song	yankee doodle
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	doctor's office
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	department store
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	airport
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	dentist's office
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	restaurant
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	dmv
name a place where they always keep you waiting.	pharmacy
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	clothes
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	shoes
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	books
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	food
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	magazines
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	cd's
name something that might be lying on a teenagers floor	trash
name something people in california might worry about	earthquake
name something people in california might worry about	fires
name something people in california might worry about	crime
name something people in california might worry about	mudslides
name something people in california might worry about	having enough money
name something people in california might worry about	sunburn
name something people in california might worry about	smog
name the worst thing about going to the drive-in.	weather
name the worst thing about going to the drive-in.	waiting
name the worst thing about going to the drive-in.	can't hear
name the worst thing about going to the drive-in.	the bathroom
name something that a woman might wear in bright colors.	shirt
name something that a woman might wear in bright colors.	dress
name something that a woman might wear in bright colors.	shoes
name something that a woman might wear in bright colors.	hat
name something that a woman might wear in bright colors.	lipstick
name something that a woman might wear in bright colors.	swimsuit
name a food that you often burn your tongue while eating.	soup
name a food that you often burn your tongue while eating.	pizza
name a food that you often burn your tongue while eating.	chili
name a food that you often burn your tongue while eating.	lasagna/pasta
name something thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day	run
name something thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day	go in to work
name something thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day	yard work
name something thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day	sleep
name something thats hard to do on a particularly hot summer day	breathe
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	semi truck
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	train
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	motorcycle
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	police car
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	ice cream truck
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	bus
name a vehicle that you can hear coming before you see it	ambulance
name an athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box.	tiger woods
name an athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box.	michael jordan
name an athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box.	mary lou retton
name an athlete who's appeared on a wheaties box.	joe montana
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	nurse
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	paperboy
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	doctor
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	construction worker
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	bus driver
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	farmer
name an occupation where you have to wake up early in the morning	baker
name a type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta	apple sauce
name a type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta	hot sauce
name a type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta	ketchup
name a type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta	bbq
name a type of sauce that you'd never put on pasta	chocolate sauce
name a food people serve on a bed of rice.	chicken
name a food people serve on a bed of rice.	chow mein
name a food people serve on a bed of rice.	chop suey
name a food people serve on a bed of rice.	fish
name a food people serve on a bed of rice.	mu shu pork
name a food people serve on a bed of rice.	beans
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	cats
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	cars
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	other dogs
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	balls
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	bone
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	your tail
name something you might chase if you were a dog.	rabbit
name something that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise	iceberg
name something that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise	snow
name something that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise	polar bear
name something that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise	whale
name something that you could see on an alaskan cruise that you probably wouldn't see on a caribbean cruise	seal
name a physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa	big belly
name a physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa	facial hair
name a physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa	age
name a physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa	jolly face
name a physical characteristic a store might look at when hiring a santa	white hair
name something about which people always want to give you their opinion	politics
name something about which people always want to give you their opinion	dating/marriage
name something about which people always want to give you their opinion	parenting
name something about which people always want to give you their opinion	finances
name something about which people always want to give you their opinion	religion
name something about which people always want to give you their opinion	weight/appearance
name a fruit put in margaritas	lime
name a fruit put in margaritas	strawberries
name a fruit put in margaritas	lemon
name a fruit put in margaritas	pinapple
name a fruit put in margaritas	peach
name a fruit put in margaritas	papya
name a fruit put in margaritas	tomatoes
name an occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss).	doctor
name an occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss).	lawyer
name an occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss).	fitness trainer
name an occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss).	accountant/broker
name an occupation where people are paid to tell others what to do (more specific than boss).	teacher
name a holiday song with a fictional character.	rudolph
name a holiday song with a fictional character.	frosty the snowman
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	in a hurry
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	not feeling well
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	late for work/ appt
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	emergency
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	few items
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	kids with them
name an excuse someone might give to get ahead of you in the check out line	need to use bathroom
name a phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house	stop
name a phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house	yeild/caution
name a phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house	bo not enter
name a phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house	no turns
name a phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house	one way
name a phrase on a traffic sign that you could imagine seeing on your inlaws house	dead end
name something you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years?	married?
name something you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years?	how are you?
name something you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years?	your name again...?
name something you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years?	have kids?
name something you want to know when you run into a friend you haven't seen in years?	what do you do?
name something about wonder woman the average woman might envy	body
name something about wonder woman the average woman might envy	power
name something about wonder woman the average woman might envy	strength
name something about wonder woman the average woman might envy	looks
name something about wonder woman the average woman might envy	invisible plane
name something youd hate to forget on a ski trip	skis
name something youd hate to forget on a ski trip	coat
name something youd hate to forget on a ski trip	gloves
name something youd hate to forget on a ski trip	boots
name something youd hate to forget on a ski trip	hat
name a class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old.	swimming
name a class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old.	dance
name a class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old.	art
name a class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old.	gymnastics
name a class that parents enroll their kids in before they turn 3 years old.	music
name a place where the average person wouldnt last a day	jail
name a place where the average person wouldnt last a day	desert
name a place where the average person wouldnt last a day	military
name a place where the average person wouldnt last a day	frozen tundra
name a place where the average person wouldnt last a day	outer space
name a person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name.	partner
name a person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name.	family
name a person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name.	boss
name a person in your life that you'd be mortified to call by the wrong name.	teacher
name something your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat.	meow
name something your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat.	catch mice
name something your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat.	climb tree
name something your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat.	eat cat food
name something your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat.	purr
name something your dog might do that would make you think he was part cat.	scratching
name a household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift.	blender
name a household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift.	dish washer
name a household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift.	coffe maker
name a household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift.	tv
name a household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift.	microwave
name a household appliance you would actually enjoy receiving as a gift.	fridge
name something you need to check for if you're buying a dress used.	stains
name something you need to check for if you're buying a dress used.	fit
name something you need to check for if you're buying a dress used.	holes
name something you need to check for if you're buying a dress used.	price
name something you need to check for if you're buying a dress used.	missing buttons
name something you need to check for if you're buying a dress used.	broken zipper
name something some people jump out of	airplane
name something some people jump out of	bed
name something some people jump out of	boat
name something some people jump out of	cake
name a specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man	very shy
name a specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man	too handsome
name a specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man	drinks too much
name a specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man	bad hygeine
name a specific quality that would make your buddy a bad wing man	smokes
name something you should probably book ahead of time if youre going on vacation	hotel
name something you should probably book ahead of time if youre going on vacation	flight
name something you should probably book ahead of time if youre going on vacation	car
name one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age.	face/skin
name one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age.	weight
name one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age.	hair
name one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age.	health
name one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age.	personality
name one thing about yourself that you wish would stay the same as you age.	amount of energy
name something moms tell their children not to climb on.	furniture
name something moms tell their children not to climb on.	trees
name something moms tell their children not to climb on.	countertop
name something moms tell their children not to climb on.	ladders
name something moms tell their children not to climb on.	their parents
name something moms tell their children not to climb on.	roof
name something that causes you to have an upset stomach.	too much food
name something that causes you to have an upset stomach.	spicy food
name something that causes you to have an upset stomach.	spoiled food
name something that causes you to have an upset stomach.	pizza
name something that causes you to have an upset stomach.	greasy foods
name something that causes you to have an upset stomach.	stress
name a way you might know your neighbors are on vacation	papers in driveway
name a way you might know your neighbors are on vacation	cars are gone
name a way you might know your neighbors are on vacation	they told you
name a way you might know your neighbors are on vacation	don't pick up phone
name a way you might know your neighbors are on vacation	mail pile up
name a way you might know your neighbors are on vacation	lights off at night
name something that works better on a windy day	kite
name something that works better on a windy day	a windmill
name something that works better on a windy day	sailboat
name something that works better on a windy day	chimes
name something youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one	drive
name something youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one	eat
name something youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one	type
name something youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one	clap
name something youre supposed to do with both hands but people often use just one	ride a bike
name something people burn in protest.	flags
name something people burn in protest.	bras
name something people burn in protest.	draft cards
name something people burn in protest.	signs
name something people burn in protest.	books
name something you expect to see in a martial arts movie.	fight scenes
name something you expect to see in a martial arts movie.	asian actors
name something you expect to see in a martial arts movie.	weapons
name something you expect to see in a martial arts movie.	subtitles/dubbing
name something you expect to see in a martial arts movie.	ninjas
name something you expect to see in a martial arts movie.	blood
name a famous animal from a comic strip.	garfield
name a famous animal from a comic strip.	snoopy
name a famous animal from a comic strip.	marmaduke
name a famous animal from a comic strip.	heathcliff
name a famous animal from a comic strip.	hobbes
name something your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day	baseball cap
name something your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day	piercing
name something your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day	makeup
name something your teen likes to wear but you hope hell leave home on picture day	sunglasses
name a place you would't want to be alone at night	alley
name a place you would't want to be alone at night	graveyard
name a place you would't want to be alone at night	woods
name a place you would't want to be alone at night	park
name a place you would't want to be alone at night	home
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	watermelon
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	cantaloupe
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	orange
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	grapefruit
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	pinapple
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	banana
name a specific fruit you have to cut open to eat	coconuts
name something many people learned to do from their dad.	drive
name something many people learned to do from their dad.	fish/hunt
name something many people learned to do from their dad.	shave
name something many people learned to do from their dad.	ride bike
name something many people learned to do from their dad.	curse
name something many people learned to do from their dad.	fix things
name a profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant.	dancer
name a profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant.	police officer
name a profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant.	doctor/nurse
name a profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant.	waitress
name a profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant.	athlete
name a profession that would be most difficult to perform while 8 months pregnant.	fitness instructor
name a child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult	drew barrymore
name a child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult	jodie foster
name a child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult	raven symone
name a child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult	ron howard
name a child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult	laurence fishburne
name a child actor who is still acting or working in hollywood as an adult	olsen twins
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	wheat
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	rye
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	sourdough
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	french roll
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	white bread
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	onion roll
name a type of bread people order sandwiches on at a deli	pumpernickel
name something you'd learn to do in your first swim class	float
name something you'd learn to do in your first swim class	hold breath
name something you'd learn to do in your first swim class	doggy paddle
name something you'd learn to do in your first swim class	blow bubbles
name something you'd learn to do in your first swim class	head under water
name something people daydream about	money
name something people daydream about	making love
name something people daydream about	vacation/travel
name something people daydream about	new house
name something people daydream about	love/marriage
name something people daydream about	new car
name a pubic place where you take off your shoes.	beach/park
name a pubic place where you take off your shoes.	pool
name a pubic place where you take off your shoes.	shoe store
name a pubic place where you take off your shoes.	gym
name a pubic place where you take off your shoes.	place of worship
name a pubic place where you take off your shoes.	bowling alley
name something thats hard to build but easy to tear down	house of cards
name something thats hard to build but easy to tear down	building
name something thats hard to build but easy to tear down	sandle castle
name something thats hard to build but easy to tear down	trust
name something that begins with the word "dirty."	laundry
name something that begins with the word "dirty."	dancing
name something that begins with the word "dirty."	mouth/language
name something that begins with the word "dirty."	harry
name something that begins with the word "dirty."	job
name something that begins with the word "dirty."	mind
name something politicians always say theyll improve	tax system
name something politicians always say theyll improve	budget deficit
name something politicians always say theyll improve	health care
name something politicians always say theyll improve	schools
name something politicians always say theyll improve	war
name something politicians always say theyll improve	welfare
name something politicians always say theyll improve	roads
name something flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work	wink
name something flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work	blow kisses
name something flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work	hug
name something flirtatious that a man shouldnt do while at work	whistle at someone
name the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with.	partner
name the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with.	parent
name the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with.	boss
name the person who you most try to avoid having an argument with.	child
name something people supposedly do differently than animals	eat
name something people supposedly do differently than animals	walk
name something people supposedly do differently than animals	communicate
name something people supposedly do differently than animals	think
name something people supposedly do differently than animals	keep clean
name something you close at nighttime.	bedroom doors
name something you close at nighttime.	eyes
name something you close at nighttime.	window
name something you close at nighttime.	curtains
name a reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day.	no kids
name a reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day.	job's not suitable
name a reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day.	no job
name a reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day.	naughty kid
name a reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day.	too busy at work
name a reason why you might not participate in take-your-child-to-work day.	boring job
name something a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy	sleeping
name something a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy	tying shoes/ bending
name something a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy	walking
name something a woman might have a hard time doing in her last month of pregnancy	eating
name a safety device that older cars didnt have	air bags
name a safety device that older cars didnt have	seat belts
name a safety device that older cars didnt have	anti lock break
name a safety device that older cars didnt have	child locks
name a fruit that people drink juice from in the morning.	orange
name a fruit that people drink juice from in the morning.	apple
name a fruit that people drink juice from in the morning.	lemon
name a fruit that people drink juice from in the morning.	cranberry
name a fruit that people drink juice from in the morning.	tomato
name a fruit that people drink juice from in the morning.	grapefruit
name something you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you.	party
name something you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you.	steal
name something you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you.	use my clothes
name something you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you.	make a mess
name something you hope your friend doesn't do when house sitting for you.	smoke
name the best kind of music to dance to with someone you want to be close to	slow
name the best kind of music to dance to with someone you want to be close to	waltz
name the best kind of music to dance to with someone you want to be close to	jazz
name the best kind of music to dance to with someone you want to be close to	country
name something you'd put on your table when having a dinner party.	candles
name something you'd put on your table when having a dinner party.	centerpiece/flowers
name something you'd put on your table when having a dinner party.	tablecloth
name something you'd put on your table when having a dinner party.	food
name something you'd put on your table when having a dinner party.	dishes
name something you'd put on your table when having a dinner party.	napkins
name something everybody knows about dr. seuss	green eggs and ham
name something everybody knows about dr. seuss	rhymes
name something everybody knows about dr. seuss	cat in the hat
name something everybody knows about dr. seuss	not a doctor
name something you know about the easter bunny	carries eggs
name something you know about the easter bunny	hops
name something you know about the easter bunny	some don't believe
name something you know about the easter bunny	white
name something you know about the easter bunny	brings candy
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	pie
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	turkey
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	cake
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	cookies
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	fruitcake
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	ham
name a holiday food people plan to avoid but end up eating anyway	candy
name an animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners	cheeta/cat
name an animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners	road runner
name an animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners	rabbit
name an animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners	gizelle
name an animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners	greyhound
name an animal that would be an appropriate mascot for a team of marathon runners	horse
name something that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly	milk
name something that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly	cigarettes
name something that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly	painkiller
name something that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly	feminine products
name something that you would be willing to pay twice as much for at a convenience store because you need it quickly	chocolate
name a job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it.	laundry
name a job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it.	dishes
name a job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it.	cooking
name a job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it.	fixing car
name a job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it.	mowing lawn
name a job many husbands pretend they don't know how to do, just to get out of doing it.	fixing toilet
name an animal with a long tail.	monkey
name an animal with a long tail.	dog
name an animal with a long tail.	cat
name an animal with a long tail.	horse
name an animal with a long tail.	tiger
name an animal with a long tail.	kangaroo
name something you might do on a date in the park.	kiss
name something you might do on a date in the park.	picnic
name something you might do on a date in the park.	walk
name something you might do on a date in the park.	hold hands
name something you might do on a date in the park.	use playground
name something a kid might want help doing on a snowy day.	shoveling
name something a kid might want help doing on a snowy day.	building a snowman
name something a kid might want help doing on a snowy day.	walking
name something a kid might want help doing on a snowy day.	bundling up
name something you dread having done while at your dentist appointment	filling
name something you dread having done while at your dentist appointment	root canal
name something you dread having done while at your dentist appointment	teeth pulled
name something you dread having done while at your dentist appointment	teeth cleaned
name something you dread having done while at your dentist appointment	teeth flossed
name something you dread having done while at your dentist appointment	shot
name something a couple might worry about having less of once they have children	money
name something a couple might worry about having less of once they have children	intimacy
name something a couple might worry about having less of once they have children	time
name something a couple might worry about having less of once they have children	privacy
name something a couple might worry about having less of once they have children	partners love
name something you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster?	steep drop
name something you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster?	loop
name something you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster?	incline
name something you hate to see ahead of you while riding a roller coaster?	water
name an appetizer you might find served at a bar	peanuts
name an appetizer you might find served at a bar	chicken wings
name an appetizer you might find served at a bar	pretzels
name an appetizer you might find served at a bar	popcorn
name an appetizer you might find served at a bar	nachos
name a computer program or skill that you wish you were better at.	typing
name a computer program or skill that you wish you were better at.	excel
name a computer program or skill that you wish you were better at.	word processor
name a computer program or skill that you wish you were better at.	surfing the net
name a computer program or skill that you wish you were better at.	programming
name a computer program or skill that you wish you were better at.	power point
name an occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives	anniversary
name an occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives	birthday
name an occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives	valentine's day
name an occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives	christmas
name an occasion for which men buy gifts for their wives	wedding
name a piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads.	age
name a piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads.	name
name a piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads.	phone number
name a piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads.	sex
name a piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads.	status
name a piece of information that post people list in their personal's ads.	height
name a place where it might be romantic to get stranded with your partner	island/beach
name a place where it might be romantic to get stranded with your partner	park
name a place where it might be romantic to get stranded with your partner	cabin/lodge
name something thats forbidden in most swimming pools	peeing
name something thats forbidden in most swimming pools	diving
name something thats forbidden in most swimming pools	street clothes
name something thats forbidden in most swimming pools	nudity
name something thats forbidden in most swimming pools	eating
name something thats forbidden in most swimming pools	rafts
name a type of reservation that often gets lost	hotel
name a type of reservation that often gets lost	dinner
name a type of reservation that often gets lost	plane
name a type of reservation that often gets lost	car rental
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	price
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	pool
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	location
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	star rating
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	includes breakfast?
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	clean?
name something you find out about a hotel ahead of time, when decided whether to stay there.	vacancy
name something you'd find on the cover of a novel.	author
name something you'd find on the cover of a novel.	title
name a specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for	bring water
name a specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for	refill glasses
name a specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for	serve food
name a specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for	clear table
name a specific task restaurant staff does for you that youd be surprised to get charged extra for	dishes
name a sign you might see posted in a restaurant.	no smoking
name a sign you might see posted in a restaurant.	restrooms
name a sign you might see posted in a restaurant.	wait to be seated
name a sign you might see posted in a restaurant.	no shirt no service
name a sign you might see posted in a restaurant.	not resp. for items
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	model
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	salesperson
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	flight attendant
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	receptionist
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	news reporter
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	photographer
name a profession where youd have to smile a lot	host
name a creature that eats bugs	frog
name a creature that eats bugs	spider
name a creature that eats bugs	anteater
name a creature that eats bugs	birt
name a creature that eats bugs	lizzard
name a creature that eats bugs	bat
name a gift a child may give to a teacher for the holidays.	apple
name a gift a child may give to a teacher for the holidays.	mug
name a place where kids go after school	home
name a place where kids go after school	park
name a place where kids go after school	childcare
name a place where kids go after school	mall
name a place where kids go after school	friend's house
name a place where kids go after school	library
name something a college student would write down on a calendar.	exam/due dates
name something a college student would write down on a calendar.	days off
name something a college student would write down on a calendar.	graduation
name something a college student would write down on a calendar.	parties
name something a college student would write down on a calendar.	a date
name something a college student would write down on a calendar.	class schedule
name a job where you'd need great vision.	pilot
name a job where you'd need great vision.	doctor
name a job where you'd need great vision.	driver
name a job where you'd need great vision.	umpire
name a job where you'd need great vision.	police officer
name a member of the celebrity elite who is famous for no apparent reason.	paris hilton
name a member of the celebrity elite who is famous for no apparent reason.	nichole richie
name something you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head	sing/hum it through
name something you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head	think of other songs
name something you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head	go to sleep
name something you do to get rid of a song thats stuck in your head	have a conversation
name a movie or tv show about gangsters	sapronas
name a movie or tv show about gangsters	godfather
name a movie or tv show about gangsters	untouchables
name a movie or tv show about gangsters	public enemy
name a movie or tv show about gangsters	scarface
name a movie or tv show about gangsters	goodfellows
name something you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it.	i love you
name something you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it.	i had a good time
name something you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it.	i'll call you
name something you say at the end of a date, even if you don't mean it.	thank you
name a reason you wouldn't recognize someone at your high school reunion	weight gain/loss
name a reason you wouldn't recognize someone at your high school reunion	bald
name a reason you wouldn't recognize someone at your high school reunion	older
name a reason you wouldn't recognize someone at your high school reunion	plastic surgery
name something a germophobe would refuse to do on a date	kiss
name something a germophobe would refuse to do on a date	hold hands
name something a germophobe would refuse to do on a date	shake hands
name something a germophobe would refuse to do on a date	share a drink
name something a germophobe would refuse to do on a date	hug
name the most used piece of furniture in a house	couch
name the most used piece of furniture in a house	bed
name the most used piece of furniture in a house	arm chair
name a sport that people bet on	football
name a sport that people bet on	horse racing
name a sport that people bet on	boxing
name a sport that people bet on	basketball
name a specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife	steak
name a specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife	ribs
name a specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife	ham/pork
name a specific meat that would be hardest to eat if you didnt have a knife	chicken
name something that's expensive even when it's in used condition.	car
name something that's expensive even when it's in used condition.	house
name something that's expensive even when it's in used condition.	tv
name something that's expensive even when it's in used condition.	jewelry
name something that's expensive even when it's in used condition.	computer
name something that's expensive even when it's in used condition.	name brand clothes
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	benches
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	joggers
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	muggers
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	pigeons
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	people
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	trees
name something you probably would see in new yorks central park	homeless people
name something you do after returning home from a long vacation	sleep
name something you do after returning home from a long vacation	unpack
name something you do after returning home from a long vacation	eating sweets
name something you do after returning home from a long vacation	laundry
name something you do after returning home from a long vacation	shower
name something you do after returning home from a long vacation	check mail
name a food you find raisins in.	cold cereal
name a food you find raisins in.	cookies
name a food you find raisins in.	poatmeal
name a food you find raisins in.	salad
name a food you find raisins in.	bread
name a food you find raisins in.	bagels
name something people do while riding a rollercoaster	scream
name something people do while riding a rollercoaster	raise arms
name something people do while riding a rollercoaster	get sick
name something people do while riding a rollercoaster	laugh
name something people do while riding a rollercoaster	close their eyes
name someone who owes you a big apology.	friend
name someone who owes you a big apology.	romantic interest
name someone who owes you a big apology.	ex
name someone who owes you a big apology.	sibling
name someone who owes you a big apology.	child
name someone who owes you a big apology.	parent
name something a kid passes out to all of his classmates.	sweets
name something a kid passes out to all of his classmates.	valentines
name something a kid passes out to all of his classmates.	notes
name something a kid passes out to all of his classmates.	schoolwork
name something a kid passes out to all of his classmates.	germs
name something a kid passes out to all of his classmates.	invitations
name a gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law.	lingerie
name a gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law.	flowers
name a gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law.	jewelry
name a gift that would be romantic to get from your husband, but creepy to get from your father-in_law.	chocolates
name a type of wave that you can't ride on	tidal
name a type of wave that you can't ride on	hand
name a type of wave that you can't ride on	sound
name a type of wave that you can't ride on	radio
name a type of wave that you can't ride on	heat
name something people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation.	party
name something people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation.	drink
name something people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation.	go naked
name something people do on spring break, but not on an ordinary vacation.	sleep all day
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	rock them
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	pat back
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	sing lullaby
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	feed
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	hug/cuddle
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	bounce them
name something an experienced parent does automatically when they pick up a crying baby	change diaper
name something a person who dislikes technology might not have	computer
name something a person who dislikes technology might not have	cell phone
name something a person who dislikes technology might not have	tv
name something a person who dislikes technology might not have	microwave
name something you can build with snow	snowman
name something you can build with snow	igloo
name something you can build with snow	snow fort
name something you can build with snow	snowball
name something on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment.	monkey bars
name something on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment.	swing
name something on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment.	see saw
name something on a kids' playground that adults could use as exercise equipment.	chinup bar
name an animal that might live in a tree	monkey
name an animal that might live in a tree	bird
name an animal that might live in a tree	sqirrel
name an animal that might live in a tree	koala
name something that begins with the word "great."	great expectations
name something that begins with the word "great."	great dane
name something that begins with the word "great."	great wall of china
name something that begins with the word "great."	great day
name something that begins with the word "great."	great grandparents
name something that begins with the word "great."	great buy
name something that begins with the word "great."	great scott
name something kids like to throw at each other.	ball
name something kids like to throw at each other.	food
name a mountain range known for skiing	rockies
name a mountain range known for skiing	swiss alps
name a mountain range known for skiing	sierras
name a mountain range known for skiing	appalachian
name a mountain range known for skiing	himilaysa
name something you really only need one of, but most households have more	tv
name something you really only need one of, but most households have more	car
name something you really only need one of, but most households have more	pets
name something you really only need one of, but most households have more	phone
name something you really only need one of, but most households have more	bathroom
name something you really only need one of, but most households have more	property/house
name something that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is.	jokes
name something that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is.	clown
name something that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is.	movies
name something that's supposed to be funny, but rarely is.	comedian
name a food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party	beer
name a food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party	chips
name a food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party	popcorn
name a food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party	pizza
name a food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party	soda
name a food or drink youd buy if you were having a super bowl party	wings
name something that people often write on the back of postcards	name
name something that people often write on the back of postcards	address
name something that people often write on the back of postcards	with love
name something that people often write on the back of postcards	miss you
name something that people often write on the back of postcards	hi/hello
name a reason why you might use candles.	electricity went out
name a reason why you might use candles.	romance
name a reason why you might use candles.	lightbulb burned out
name a reason why you might use candles.	birthday cake
name a reason why you'd get a blindfold.	surprise party
name a reason why you'd get a blindfold.	pin tail on donkey
name a reason why you'd get a blindfold.	kidnapped
name a reason why you'd get a blindfold.	pinata
name something you might do with your days off around christmas	shop
name something you might do with your days off around christmas	sleep
name something you might do with your days off around christmas	vacation
name something you might do with your days off around christmas	cook
name something you might do with your days off around christmas	decorate
name a reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside.	weather
name a reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside.	safer
name a reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside.	watch tv
name a reason a person might prefer to walk on a treadmill instead of taking a walk outside.	privacy
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	oak
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	maple
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	pine
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	apple
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	evergreen
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	spruce
name a type of tree that looks pretty in the fall.	elm
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	ball game
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	commercials
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	boxing match
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	news
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	politics
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	horror movie
name something on tv that causes people to yell at their screens	game show
name something your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up.	shower
name something your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up.	kiss me
name something your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up.	brush teeth
name something your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up.	ignore alarm
name something your partner might do first thing in the morning that wakes you up.	turn on light
name something a lot of movie stars have more than one of	cars
name something a lot of movie stars have more than one of	houses
name something a lot of movie stars have more than one of	spouses
name something a lot of movie stars have more than one of	affairs
name something a lot of movie stars have more than one of	kids
name something that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you").	your face
name something that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you").	it's rear end
name something that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you").	your food
name something that you don't want your dog to lick (more specific than "you").	your feet
name something a house needs in order to be considered a mansion	lots of rooms
name something a house needs in order to be considered a mansion	pool
name something a house needs in order to be considered a mansion	staff
name something a house needs in order to be considered a mansion	elevator
name something a house needs in order to be considered a mansion	gate
name the month with the nicest weather	may
name the month with the nicest weather	june
name the month with the nicest weather	april
name the month with the nicest weather	july
name the month with the nicest weather	october
name the month with the nicest weather	september
name the month with the nicest weather	march
name something people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm	non perishable food
name something people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm	water
name something people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm	batteries
name something people might stock up on before a huge snowstorm	firewood
name something you buy in a larger size if you have a large family.	groceries
name something you buy in a larger size if you have a large family.	toilet papaer
name something you buy in a larger size if you have a large family.	car
name something you buy in a larger size if you have a large family.	house
name something you buy in a larger size if you have a large family.	couch
name the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can.	peas
name the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can.	spinach
name the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can.	carrots
name the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can.	corn
name the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can.	green beans
name the vegetable that tastes the worst when it comes from a can.	asparagus
name something you find in a little boys pocket	rocks
name something you find in a little boys pocket	marbles
name something you find in a little boys pocket	frog
name something you find in a little boys pocket	dirt
name something you find in a little boys pocket	worms
name something you find in a little boys pocket	candy
name something you find in a little boys pocket	toy car
name a cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner.	garfield
name a cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner.	snoopy
name a cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner.	dino
name a cartoon pet that's smarter than its owner.	scooby doo
name a place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television	bathroom
name a place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television	bedroom
name a place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television	kitchen
name a place in the house where only a real tv-lover would put a television	garage
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	shovel
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	tow truck
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	chains
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	salt
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	sand
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	cat litter
name something you can use to get your car out of the snow	plow
name something some people blast the volume on	stereo
name something some people blast the volume on	tv
name something some people blast the volume on	headset
name something some people blast the volume on	computer
name something a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do	matches
name something a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do	lighter
name something a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do	gasoline
name something a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do	kindling
name something a boy scout wouldnt need to start a fire but you do	newspaper
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	pretty
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	graceful
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	skinny
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	costumes
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	makeup
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	in shape
name something a beauty queen and a figure skater have in common	talent
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	cost/no insurance
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	scared
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	pain
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	can't get off work
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	sick
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	no time
name an excuse people give for not seeing their dentist	no bad teeth
name something that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors.	noise
name something that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors.	money/property
name something that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors.	dogs/pets
name something that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors.	naughty kids
name something that might cause a real life family feud among neighbors.	unkempt yard
name a place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	park/playground
name a place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	chuck e cheese
name a place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	zoo
name a place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	school/daycare
name a place it would be strange to go if you didnt have kids	disney/amusement park
name an event that most people look forward to each week	weekend
name an event that most people look forward to each week	football game
name an event that most people look forward to each week	payday
name an event that most people look forward to each week	place of worship
name an item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box	glass/dishes
name an item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box	tv
name an item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box	computer
name an item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box	toys
name an item that usually comes with a lot of packaging in the box	stereo
name something both men and women use to keep their hair in place.	hairspray
name something both men and women use to keep their hair in place.	gel
name something both men and women use to keep their hair in place.	mousse
name something both men and women use to keep their hair in place.	rubber band
name something both men and women use to keep their hair in place.	comb
name something both men and women use to keep their hair in place.	brush
name something you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room.	purse
name something you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room.	clothes
name something you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room.	hat
name something you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room.	keys
name something you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room.	hangers
name something you might accidentally leave in a department store fitting room.	shopping bags
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	go out
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	clean
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	be intimate
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	cook
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	talk
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	shop
name something a woman might complain that her husband never wants to do	cuddle
name something tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant	scream
name something tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant	swing from ceiling
name something tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant	eat with fingers
name something tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant	wear a loin cloth
name something tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant	grunt
name something tarzan might do that could get him thrown out of a nice restaurant	stand on the table
name something that is folded.	clothes
name something that is folded.	napkin
name something that is folded.	origami/paper
name something that is folded.	towels
name something that is folded.	sheet
name something that is folded.	newspaper
name something that is folded.	blanket
name the room in your house that's used the least.	living room
name the room in your house that's used the least.	dining room
name the room in your house that's used the least.	extra bedroom
name the room in your house that's used the least.	attic
name the room in your house that's used the least.	bedroom
name the room in your house that's used the least.	storage room
name the room in your house that's used the least.	den
name the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for	her cooking
name the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for	her parenting
name the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for	her appearance
name the worst thing to criticize your mother-in-law for	her housekeeping
name something most families talk about when they get together	work
name something most families talk about when they get together	family members
name something most families talk about when they get together	school
name something most families talk about when they get together	old times
name something most families talk about when they get together	food
name something an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance.	attire
name something an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance.	lateness
name something an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance.	personal calls
name something an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance.	office gossip
name something an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance.	attitude/behavior
name something an employee might be scolded about that isn't directly related to job performance.	hygiene
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	movie theater
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	place of worship
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	restaurant
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	car
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	library
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	at work
name a place where wish people wouldn't answer their cell phones	in the bathroom
name something that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about	wrinkles
name something that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about	arthritis
name something that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about	gray hair
name something that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about	sagging
name something that happens to an old persons body that youd be surprised to hear a teen complaining about	back ache
name somebody so rich that their name is synonymous with wealth	trump
name somebody so rich that their name is synonymous with wealth	gates
name somebody so rich that their name is synonymous with wealth	hilton
name somebody so rich that their name is synonymous with wealth	rockefeller
name a form of technology that some people refuse to use	computer
name a form of technology that some people refuse to use	cell phone
name a form of technology that some people refuse to use	tv
name a form of technology that some people refuse to use	microwave
name a form of technology that some people refuse to use	car
name a form of technology that some people refuse to use	gps
name something malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit	decorate
name something malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit	holiday music
name something malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit	holiday sales
name something malls do to get shoppers in the christmas spirit	bring in santa
name something a craft lover would have a lot of.	glue
name something a craft lover would have a lot of.	yarn
name something a craft lover would have a lot of.	construction paper
name something a craft lover would have a lot of.	paint
name something a craft lover would have a lot of.	beads
name something a craft lover would have a lot of.	fabric
name a place where you dont want front row seats	movie theater
name a place where you dont want front row seats	place of worship
name a place where you dont want front row seats	concert
name a place where you dont want front row seats	funeral
name a place where you dont want front row seats	seaworld
name a place where you dont want front row seats	circus
name a place where you dont want front row seats	school
name something that some people are paid to chase after.	dogs
name something that some people are paid to chase after.	criminals
name something that some people are paid to chase after.	storms
name something that some people are paid to chase after.	footballs/balls
name something many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others	clothes
name something many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others	car
name something many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others	house
name something many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others	hair cut
name something many people spend a lot of money on just to impress others	jewelry
name a place where you hate to get stuck	traffic
name a place where you hate to get stuck	elevator
name a place where you hate to get stuck	work
name a place where you hate to get stuck	airport
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	exchange gifts
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	eat
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	wake up
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	cook
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	sing
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	go to church
name something youd never forget to do on christmas day	say merry christmas
name an announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making	i'm quitting
name an announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making	i'm pregnant
name an announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making	i got a new job
name an announcement that you'd hate for your boss to overhear you making	i hate this job/boss
name something you might need if you're eating a lobster	butter
name something you might need if you're eating a lobster	bib
name something you might need if you're eating a lobster	fork
name something you might need if you're eating a lobster	napkin
name something you might need if you're eating a lobster	cracking tool
name something you would not want to drop your wedding ring into	sink
name something you would not want to drop your wedding ring into	toilet
name something you would not want to drop your wedding ring into	water
name something you would not want to drop your wedding ring into	food
name something you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska.	snow
name something you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska.	iceberg
name something you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska.	polor bear
name something you might see pictured on a postcard from alaska.	mountains
name a type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis.	lipstick
name a type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis.	blush
name a type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis.	foundation
name a type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis.	eye shadow
name a type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis.	mascara
name a type of makeup that most women don't wear on a regular basis.	eyeliner
name a place where you find yourself watching the clock	work
name a place where you find yourself watching the clock	school
name a place where you find yourself watching the clock	place of worship
name a place where you find yourself watching the clock	doctor's office
name a place where you find yourself watching the clock	airport
name something people like to drink at bedtime	milk
name something people like to drink at bedtime	water
name something people like to drink at bedtime	hot chocolate
name something people like to drink at bedtime	juice
name something people like to drink at bedtime	tea
name something a person might be told to "hang up."	phone
name something a person might be told to "hang up."	jacket/clothes
name something a person might be told to "hang up."	bad job
name something a person might be told to "hang up."	boxing gloves
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	scalpel
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	nurse
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	gloves
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	mask
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	iv
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	alcohol
name something a surgeon keeps nearby when he operates	light
name a reason why kids might have a weekday off of school.	public holiday
name a reason why kids might have a weekday off of school.	snow day
name a reason why kids might have a weekday off of school.	sick
name a reason why kids might have a weekday off of school.	teacher conference
name a reason why kids might have a weekday off of school.	on vacation
name something a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of	food
name something a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of	coffee
name something a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of	space
name something a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of	alcohol
name something a restaurant owner would hate to tell customers theyve run out of	the special
name something you see in every star wars movie.	darth vader
name something you see in every star wars movie.	lightsaber
name something you see in every star wars movie.	spaceships
name something you see in every star wars movie.	r2 d2
name something you see in every star wars movie.	c 3po
name something you see in every star wars movie.	jedi
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	escargot
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	wine
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	croissant
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	crepes
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	fondue
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	french fries
name something specific you might order at a french restaurant.	french bread
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	clothes
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	baseball cards
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	furniture
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	tools
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	dishes
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	cars
name something that's often sold at a swap meet. (be more specific than junk or stuff)	books
name something a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing.	crashing the car
name something a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing.	speeding
name something a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing.	fighting
name something a hollywood stunt person gets paid to do, but your teen would get punished for doing.	jumping off roof
name the month most people start shopping for holiday presents.	november
name the month most people start shopping for holiday presents.	december
name a type of book that you're not expected to read all of.	bible
name a type of book that you're not expected to read all of.	dictionary
name a type of book that you're not expected to read all of.	encyclopedia
name a type of book that you're not expected to read all of.	text book
name a type of book that you're not expected to read all of.	phone book
name a company which sends out special holiday catalog.	sears
name a company which sends out special holiday catalog.	toys r us
name something you might build in the backyard	treehouse
name something you might build in the backyard	fence
name something you might build in the backyard	swing set/playground
name something you might build in the backyard	deck/patio
name something you might build in the backyard	doghouse
name something you might build in the backyard	bird feeder
name something a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep.	singing
name something a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep.	rocking
name something a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep.	warm milk
name something a parent tries, to get their baby to sleep.	car ride
name something two people on a date might share	kiss
name something two people on a date might share	drink
name something two people on a date might share	food
name something two people on a date might share	bill
name something two people on a date might share	conversation
name something two people on a date might share	car
name something two people on a date might share	interests
name something you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage.	knife
name something you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage.	scissors
name something you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage.	soap
name something you use from the kitchen when you're working in the garage.	towel
name an occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes.	doctor/nurse
name an occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes.	food service
name an occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes.	teacher
name an occupation in which you'd need to wear comfortable shoes.	mail carrier
name a summer picnic food that will make your face messy.	watermelon
name a summer picnic food that will make your face messy.	bbq
name a summer picnic food that will make your face messy.	ice cream
name a summer picnic food that will make your face messy.	pie
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	posters
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	color pink
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	makeup
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	clothes
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	diary
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	magazines
name something you see in a room that tells you a teenage girl lives there	stuffed animals
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	sand
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	fish
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	seashells
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	rock
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	sunken ship/ treasure
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	coral
name something found at the bottom of the ocean	seaweed
name something that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october	decorate
name something that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october	shop for gifts
name something that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october	put up tree
name something that only a person who really loves christmas would do as early as october	wrap gifts
name a reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body	too hairy
name a reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body	for spouse/date
name a reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body	body builder
name a reason why a man would wax hair off part of his body	swimmer
name a reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team.	steroids
name a reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team.	fighting
name a reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team.	bad attitude
name a reason why a college football player might get kicked off his team.	bad grades
name something you do to let a friend know she has food on her face	tell her
name something you do to let a friend know she has food on her face	point at it
name something you do to let a friend know she has food on her face	giggle/tease her
name something you do to let a friend know she has food on her face	wipe your own face
name a weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair	rain
name a weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair	wind
name a weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair	humidity
name a weather condition that might cause you to have wacky hair	lightning
name something people drink to keep them awake	coffee shop
name something people drink to keep them awake	energy drink
name something people drink to keep them awake	soda
name something people drink to keep them awake	tea
name something people add to their tea	sugar
name something people add to their tea	lemon
name something people add to their tea	milk
name something people add to their tea	honey
name something people add to their tea	ice
name biggest event in a teenager's life	driver's license
name biggest event in a teenager's life	graduation
name biggest event in a teenager's life	16th birthday
name biggest event in a teenager's life	first kiss
name biggest event in a teenager's life	first car
name biggest event in a teenager's life	prom
name something that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life.	food
name something that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life.	clothes
name something that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life.	people
name something that often looks better in advertised pictures than in real life.	cars
name a piece of information that's on every menu	prices
name a piece of information that's on every menu	names of dishes
name a piece of information that's on every menu	name of business
name a piece of information that's on every menu	phone number/ address
name a job where you must keep a certain haircut.	police
name a job where you must keep a certain haircut.	military
name a job where you must keep a certain haircut.	model
name a job where you must keep a certain haircut.	barber
name a instrument that can sound whiny	violin
name a instrument that can sound whiny	flute
name a instrument that can sound whiny	clarinet
name a instrument that can sound whiny	guitar
name a instrument that can sound whiny	saxiphone
name a place where you might find a frog	pond
name a place where you might find a frog	lake
name a place where you might find a frog	swamp
name a place where you might find a frog	creek
name a place where you might find a frog	river
name a place where you might find a frog	woods
name a place where you might find a frog	backyard
name a holiday you might bbq on.	fourth of july
name a holiday you might bbq on.	labor day
name a holiday you might bbq on.	thanksgiving
name a holiday you might bbq on.	memorial day
name a holiday you might bbq on.	father's day
name a holiday you might bbq on.	mother's day
name something many people buy with credit card instead of cash	clothes
name something many people buy with credit card instead of cash	car
name something many people buy with credit card instead of cash	gas
name something many people buy with credit card instead of cash	food
name something many people buy with credit card instead of cash	furniture
name something many people buy with credit card instead of cash	tv
name a way that people spoil their pets.	give them treats
name a way that people spoil their pets.	feed too much
name a way that people spoil their pets.	sleep with them
name a way that people spoil their pets.	buy them clothes
name a way that people spoil their pets.	buy them toys
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	hamster
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	gerbil
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	mouse
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	rabbit
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	ferret
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	guinea pig
name a furry critter that kids keep in aquariums as pets	tarantula
name an article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer	sweater
name an article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer	bra
name an article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer	coat
name an article of clothing that usually cant be put in the dryer	shoes
name a place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them	airplanes
name a place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them	movies
name a place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them	restaurant
name a place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them	bus
name a place where people hope not to have a baby seated near them	place of worship
name something everybody knows about turkeys.	gobble
name something everybody knows about turkeys.	thanksgiving
name something everybody knows about turkeys.	tast good
name something everybody knows about turkeys.	can't fly
name something skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane	pray
name something skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane	check parachute
name something skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane	scream
name something skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane	close eyes
name something skydivers do before jumping out of the airplane	take a deep breath
name something that gets described as festive	party
name something that gets described as festive	holiday
name something that gets described as festive	food
name something that gets described as festive	carnival
name something that gets described as festive	decorations
name something some people do by hand, while others use a machine.	sew
name something some people do by hand, while others use a machine.	wash clothes
name something some people do by hand, while others use a machine.	wash dishes
name something some people do by hand, while others use a machine.	write
name something some people do by hand, while others use a machine.	saw
name something some people do by hand, while others use a machine.	math
name something you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend.	feed
name something you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend.	talk
name something you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend.	play with
name something you do for your child, and your child does for her imaginary friend.	read
name something an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane.	food
name something an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane.	leg room
name something an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane.	seats
name something an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane.	pillows/blankets
name something an airline passenger might find there isn't enough of on the plane.	drinks
name a place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything	museum/gallery
name a place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything	zoo
name a place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything	gentleman's club
name a place you visit where you arent allowed to touch anything	china shop
name a specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves	fly
name a specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves	jump from building
name a specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves	car crash
name a specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves	endure fire
name a specific stunt that most action movie heroes probably don't do themselves	flips
name a food that some people prefer to eat burnt	toast
name a food that some people prefer to eat burnt	marshmellow
name a food that some people prefer to eat burnt	popcorn
name a food that some people prefer to eat burnt	steak
name a food that some people prefer to eat burnt	bacon
name a food that some people prefer to eat burnt	hot dogs
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	bad kids
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	too many kids
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	low pay
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	smells bad
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	no one laughs
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	costumes are hot
name a complaint a circus clown might have about his job	gets tired
name a way you can tell a storm is coming	dark clouds/sky
name a way you can tell a storm is coming	lightning
name a way you can tell a storm is coming	wind changes
name a way you can tell a storm is coming	smell
name a way you can tell a storm is coming	drizzling
name something you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant.	hamburger
name something you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant.	french fries
name something you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant.	chicken nuggets
name something you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant.	milkshake
name something you order at mcdonald's that you'd never order at a fancy french restaurant.	filet o fish
name something that you often have a hard time concentrating on.	work
name something that you often have a hard time concentrating on.	tests
name something that you often have a hard time concentrating on.	schoolwork
name something that you often have a hard time concentrating on.	reading
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	drive
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	ski
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	walk through it
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	shovel
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	sled
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	dress
name something that a person from a warm climate wouldnt know how to do in the snow	make a snowman
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	diary
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	purse/ wallet
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	cell phone
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	underwear drawer
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	online accounts
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	bank account
name something of yours that you'd be angry to find a partner snooped into	mail
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	tom cruise
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	jim carrey
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	brad pitt
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	julia roberts
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	tom hanks
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	will smith
name an actor or actress who commands a high salary to be in a film.	denzel washington
name something that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any.	money
name something that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any.	friends
name something that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any.	family
name something that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any.	exes
name something that would make you suspicious if your date said he didn't have any.	identification
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	catfish
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	salmon
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	trout
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	red snapper
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	perch
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	halibut
name a type of fish a restaurant might feature as "catch of the day."	swordfish
name a professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive?	plumber
name a professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive?	lawyer
name a professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive?	doctor
name a professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive?	electrician
name a professional who you hate to call because the bill is to expensive?	mechanic
name a restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time	cook
name a restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time	dishwasher
name a restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time	server
name a restaurant job that a stay-at-home parent does for free all the time	busser
name something people juggle	balls
name something people juggle	bowling pins
name something people juggle	fruit
name something people juggle	job and home/duties
name something people juggle	multiple dates
name a crime that most cops have probably committed themselves.	speeding
name a crime that most cops have probably committed themselves.	stealing
name a crime that most cops have probably committed themselves.	jaywalking
name a crime that most cops have probably committed themselves.	littering
name a reason why a plane may be delayed	weather
name a reason why a plane may be delayed	needs repairs
name a reason why a plane may be delayed	security advisory
name a reason why a plane may be delayed	refueling
name one thing people wear on new year's.	hats
name one thing people wear on new year's.	dress
name one thing people wear on new year's.	tux
name one thing people wear on new year's.	new clothes
name one thing people wear on new year's.	tiara
name one thing people wear on new year's.	jewlery
name one thing people wear on new year's.	glitter
name something a person sits next to on a hot day	fan/air conditioner
name something a person sits next to on a hot day	swimming pool
name something a person sits next to on a hot day	ocean/lake
name something a person sits next to on a hot day	tree/shade
name something a person sits next to on a hot day	cold drink
name a reason a person might wear their pajamas outside.	get mail/newspaper
name a reason a person might wear their pajamas outside.	emergency/fire
name a reason a person might wear their pajamas outside.	they're cold
name a reason a person might wear their pajamas outside.	they're lazy
name a reason a person might wear their pajamas outside.	pajama party
name a reason a person might wear their pajamas outside.	take out trash
name something people hate to find on their windshield.	ticket
name something people hate to find on their windshield.	bugs
name something people hate to find on their windshield.	bird droppings
name something people hate to find on their windshield.	snow
name something people hate to find on their windshield.	a crack
name something people hate to find on their windshield.	fliers
name something that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room)	toilet
name something that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room)	windows
name something that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room)	floor
name something that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room)	stove/oven
name something that house cleaners clean more often than you do(more specific than a room)	ceiling fan
name something you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws	taste of food
name something you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws	clean house
name something you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws	conversation
name something you'd worry about if you were to host a dinner party for your in-laws	outfit
name something that causes people to change seats at the movies	want better view
name something that causes people to change seats at the movies	noisy neighbors
name something that causes people to change seats at the movies	tall person in front
name something that causes people to change seats at the movies	dirty/sticky seat
name something that causes people to change seats at the movies	affectionate couple
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	coat
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	blanket
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	heater
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	glove
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	sweater
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	hat
name something you would pack for your stay at a hotel made of ice	boots
name something a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do	wear makeup
name something a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do	shave
name something a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do	pierce ears
name something a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do	cook
name something a mom might make her daughter wait til shes years old to do	stay home alone
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	travel
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	skydive
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	sleep
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	swim
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	walk at night
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	watch scary movie
name something youd be afraid to do by yourself	camp
name an activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet	ride a bicycle
name an activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet	play football
name an activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet	ride a motorcycle
name an activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet	rock climb
name an activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet	skydive
name an activity you'd never do without wearing a helmet	skateboard
name a specific junk food that you'd never want to give up	chocolate/ candy
name a specific junk food that you'd never want to give up	chips
name a specific junk food that you'd never want to give up	pizza
name a specific junk food that you'd never want to give up	french fries
name a type of business that does best during the summer.	ice cream parlor
name a type of business that does best during the summer.	bathing suit store
name a type of business that does best during the summer.	amusement parks
name a type of business that does best during the summer.	swimming pool
name a type of business that does best during the summer.	air conditioning
name a type of business that does best during the summer.	parks and recreation
name something a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping.	nap
name something a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping.	clean
name something a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping.	spend time togeather
name something a new parent tries to do while the baby is napping.	shower
name something that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him.	cheat
name something that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him.	lie
name something that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him.	drink
name something that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him.	has gas in public
name something that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him.	smokes
name something that your boyfriend does that makes you question why you're still with him.	snore
name something people enjoy doing under a tree	picnic
name something people enjoy doing under a tree	sleeping
name something people enjoy doing under a tree	reading a book
name something people enjoy doing under a tree	sitting
name something people enjoy doing under a tree	relaxing
name something people enjoy doing under a tree	kissing
name a type of online site that asks you to log in.	email
name a type of online site that asks you to log in.	social network
name a type of online site that asks you to log in.	movies/tv
name a type of online site that asks you to log in.	games
name a type of online site that asks you to log in.	dating site
name a type of online site that asks you to log in.	blog
name a food you may find in someone's home garden.	tomatoes
name a food you may find in someone's home garden.	carrots
name a food you may find in someone's home garden.	lettuce
name a food you may find in someone's home garden.	corn
name a food you may find in someone's home garden.	potatoes
name a food you may find in someone's home garden.	cucumber
name something a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude	pop it
name something a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude	smack
name something a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude	blow bubbles
name something a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude	put under table
name something a person might do with chewing gum that other people think is rude	spit it out
name something people might buy for their new goldfish.	food
name something people might buy for their new goldfish.	tank
name something people might buy for their new goldfish.	some rocks
name something people might buy for their new goldfish.	castle
name something people might buy for their new goldfish.	another goldfish
name different to use left over turkey	sandwiches
name different to use left over turkey	soup
name different to use left over turkey	turkey salad
name different to use left over turkey	turkey pot pie
name different to use left over turkey	casserole
name different to use left over turkey	turkey ala king
name different to use left over turkey	turkey hash
name something in your house you could not live without	tv
name something in your house you could not live without	bed
name something in your house you could not live without	telephone
name something in your house you could not live without	kitchen
name something in your house you could not live without	running water
name something in your house you could not live without	family
name something a manicurist needs to do her job.	nail file
name something a manicurist needs to do her job.	fingernail polish
name something a manicurist needs to do her job.	buffer
name something a manicurist needs to do her job.	cotton balls
name something a manicurist needs to do her job.	scissors
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	shoes
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	jeans
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	hat
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	bra
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	dress
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	jacket
name an article of clothing that you wouldnt wear to bed	socks
name a magazine teenagers buy.	seventeen
name a magazine teenagers buy.	teen
name a magazine teenagers buy.	tiger beat
name a magazine teenagers buy.	teen people
name a magazine teenagers buy.	cosmogirl
name a muscle that a body builder would show off	upper arm
name a muscle that a body builder would show off	chest
name a muscle that a body builder would show off	stomach
name a muscle that a body builder would show off	calf
name a muscle that a body builder would show off	butt
name a place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo.	wedding
name a place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo.	funeral
name a place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo.	prom
name a place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo.	place of worship
name a place where it'd be rude for a man to go without wearing a suit/tuxedo.	job interview
name a place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise	jail
name a place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise	court
name a place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise	tv
name a place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise	billboard
name a place where itd be smart for a lawyer to advertise	hospital
name something youd hate to lose at the airport	luggage
name something youd hate to lose at the airport	boarding pass
name something youd hate to lose at the airport	id/passport
name something youd hate to lose at the airport	money
name something youd hate to lose at the airport	kids
name something every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be	quiet
name something every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be	good cook
name something every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be	not nosey
name something every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be	lives far away
name something every newlywed hopes their motherinlaw will be	nice
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	registration
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	map
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	insurance card
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	flashlight
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	gloves
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	tissues
name something you keep in your cars glove compartment	car manual
name a city in florida	miami
name a city in florida	orlando
name a city in florida	jacksonville
name a city in florida	tampa bay
name a city in florida	daytona beach
name a city in florida	tellahassee
name a city in florida	key west
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	monitor
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	mouse
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	keyboard
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	speakers
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	internet capability
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	windows
name something youd be disappointed to find your computer came without	power cord
name something people do when they've lost their temper	yell
name something people do when they've lost their temper	throw things
name something people do when they've lost their temper	argue
name something people do when they've lost their temper	curse
name something people do when they've lost their temper	cry
name something people do when they've lost their temper	turn red
name something every fairy tale needs	happy ending
name something every fairy tale needs	prince
name something every fairy tale needs	princess
name something every fairy tale needs	villian
name something a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school.	hat
name something a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school.	dress/skirt
name something a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school.	blue jeans
name something a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school.	piercing
name something a boy might wear that is likely to get him kicked out of prep school.	shorts
name an occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time	doctor
name an occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time	pilot
name an occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time	lawyer
name an occupation that you hope is great at their job of the time	police officer
name an animal that lives on both land and water.	turtle
name an animal that lives on both land and water.	alligator
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	lack of preperation
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	shuttering
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	mis pronunciation
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	sweating
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	impression
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	volume of voice
name something a person might worry about when speaking in front of a large group.	hair
name a responsibility that most married couples share	finances
name a responsibility that most married couples share	house chores
name a responsibility that most married couples share	childcare
name a responsibility that most married couples share	cooking
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	at the bar
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	at work
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	out of town
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	at a strip club
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	stuck in a traffic
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	in an airplane
name a place where a woman would hate for her husband to be when she went into labor	in jail
name something people do when they've lost a pet.	post signs
name something people do when they've lost a pet.	look for him
name something people do when they've lost a pet.	be sad/cry
name something people do when they've lost a pet.	call humane society
name something people do when they've lost a pet.	call police
name something people do when they've lost a pet.	place an ad
name something embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride	snore
name something embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride	drool
name something embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride	pass gas
name something embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride	jerk/fall over
name something embarrassing that you don't want to do while asleep on a plane ride	talk in sleep
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	length
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	tangles
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	falling out
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	split ends
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	lice
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	combing it
name something about rapunzels hair she mightve worried about	cutting it
name something pilgrims wear	hat
name something pilgrims wear	capes
name something pilgrims wear	buckle shoes
name something pilgrims wear	bonnets
name something pilgrims wear	big white collars
name something pilgrims wear	bloomers
name something pilgrims wear	stockings
name a reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out.	check on him
name a reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out.	pick something up
name a reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out.	he's late
name a reason why a woman calls her husband while he's out.	emergency/sick
name a place you see a lot of green grass.	golf course
name a place you see a lot of green grass.	park
name a place you see a lot of green grass.	farm
name a place you see a lot of green grass.	suburbs
name a place you see a lot of green grass.	country
name something that's taught in the first grade.	abc's
name something that's taught in the first grade.	reading
name something that's taught in the first grade.	math
name something that's taught in the first grade.	writing
name something that's taught in the first grade.	spelling
name something that's taught in the first grade.	writing name
name something people do to cure an aching back.	pain reliever
name something people do to cure an aching back.	lay down
name something people do to cure an aching back.	massage
name something people do to cure an aching back.	heating pad
name something people do to cure an aching back.	chiropractor
name something people do to cure an aching back.	bengay
name something a doctor better not be afraid of	blood
name something a doctor better not be afraid of	needles
name something a doctor better not be afraid of	people
name something a doctor better not be afraid of	illness/ germs
name something a mobster might have a tattoo of.	gun
name something a mobster might have a tattoo of.	mom
name something a mobster might have a tattoo of.	skull
name something a mobster might have a tattoo of.	snake
name something a mobster might have a tattoo of.	cross
name something a mobster might have a tattoo of.	money
name a sound you'd hear at a boxing match	bell
name a sound you'd hear at a boxing match	cheering
name a sound you'd hear at a boxing match	booing
name a sound you'd hear at a boxing match	punching
name a sound you'd hear at a boxing match	applause
name something you put on before going out into the snow.	snow boots
name something you put on before going out into the snow.	gloves
name an object that kids pretend is a telephone	banana
name an object that kids pretend is a telephone	hand
name an object that kids pretend is a telephone	shoe
name an object that kids pretend is a telephone	remote
name an object that kids pretend is a telephone	brush
name an object that kids pretend is a telephone	tin can
name something you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon.	fall out
name something you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon.	pops
name something you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon.	collision
name something you'd hate to have happen if you went up in a hot air balloon.	rains
name something a baseball player might be holding during a game.	bat
name something a baseball player might be holding during a game.	mitt
name something a baseball player might be holding during a game.	baseball
name something a baseball player might be holding during a game.	batting gloves
name something a baseball player might be holding during a game.	chewing tobacco
name something a baseball player might be holding during a game.	water bottle
name something of yours that you might someday change its color.	hair
name something of yours that you might someday change its color.	home/rooms
name something of yours that you might someday change its color.	car
name something of yours that you might someday change its color.	clothes/shoes
name something of yours that you might someday change its color.	drapes
name something of yours that you might someday change its color.	eyes
name something kids do with snow but their parents dont	eat it
name something kids do with snow but their parents dont	throw snowballs
name something kids do with snow but their parents dont	make snow angels
name something kids do with snow but their parents dont	build snowmen
name something kids do with snow but their parents dont	sled in it
name a type of shoe that would be hard for a tightrope walker to perform in.	high heels
name a type of shoe that would be hard for a tightrope walker to perform in.	boots
name a makeup women apply to their face	foundation
name a makeup women apply to their face	blush
name a makeup women apply to their face	lipstick
name a makeup women apply to their face	eye shadow
name a makeup women apply to their face	powder
name a makeup women apply to their face	mascara
name a makeup women apply to their face	eyeliner
name something a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do.	drive
name something a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do.	date
name something a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do.	graduate
name something a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do.	hit puberty
name something a teenager would hate to be the last of their friends to do.	get a phone
name a part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold	nose
name a part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold	head
name a part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold	chest
name a part of your body that feels stuffed up when you have a cold	ears
name something people "run" for.	office
name something people "run" for.	marathon
name something people "run" for.	health
name something people "run" for.	their life
name something people "run" for.	cover
name a sports uniform that many men look sexy in	baseball
name a sports uniform that many men look sexy in	football
name a sports uniform that many men look sexy in	soccer
name a sports uniform that many men look sexy in	basketball
name a sports uniform that many men look sexy in	swimwear
name an occupation in which you might be in a new city every night.	pilot
name an occupation in which you might be in a new city every night.	salesperson
name an occupation in which you might be in a new city every night.	musician
name an occupation in which you might be in a new city every night.	truck driver
name an occupation in which you might be in a new city every night.	flight attendant
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	socks
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	undergarments
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	t shirt
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	hat
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	makeup
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	sunglasses
name something you wear that you should never spend more than $20 on?	tie
name something that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically.	music
name something that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically.	photos
name something that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically.	movies
name something that used to take up shelf space in your house, but can now be stored electronically.	books
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	candles
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	cookies/ candy
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	clothes
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	toys
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	get certificate
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	perfume
name a gift you might buy if youre a secret santa	jewelry
name a place where you might see lots of police officers	police station
name a place where you might see lots of police officers	donut shop
name a place where you might see lots of police officers	concert
name a place where you might see lots of police officers	riot
name a place where you might see lots of police officers	parade
name a place where you might see lots of police officers	crime scene
name a specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player.	batting
name a specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player.	throwing
name a specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player.	catching
name a specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player.	running
name a specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player.	pitching
name a specific skill you'd have to be good at to be a professional baseball player.	coordination
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	pizza
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	candy
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	ice cream
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	cake
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	chips
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	french fries
name a food that you wish was healthy so you could eat it every day	cookies
name something that can be easily be turned off	lights
name something that can be easily be turned off	tv
name something that can be easily be turned off	oven radio
name something that can be easily be turned off	radio
name something that can be easily be turned off	partner
name something thats sold by the pound	meat
name something thats sold by the pound	vegetables
name something thats sold by the pound	sugar
name something thats sold by the pound	coffee
name a business that you wish stayed open later.	bank
name a business that you wish stayed open later.	restaurant
name a business that you wish stayed open later.	bar
name a business that you wish stayed open later.	supermarket
name a business that you wish stayed open later.	post office
name something you want a beach to have	sand
name something you want a beach to have	bathroom/showers
name something you want a beach to have	umbrellas/shade
name something you want a beach to have	lifeguards
name something you want a beach to have	refreshments
name something you want a beach to have	clear water
name something you want a beach to have	seats
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	shower
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	fragrance
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	comb
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	toothpaste/brush
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	deodorant
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	mirror
name something that both men and women use to get ready for a date	razor
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	eyes
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	shoes
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	smile
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	muscles
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	wallet
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	clothes
name something specific a woman looks at when she first meets a man on a blind date.	butt
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	woods
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	mountains
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	farm
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	garden
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	grass
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	desert
name someplace you might expect to find a snake.	zoo
name something people check at least once a day.	e mail
name something people check at least once a day.	time
name something people check at least once a day.	mailbox
name something people check at least once a day.	hair
name something people check at least once a day.	voice mail
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	fog
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	precipitation
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	trees
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	darkness
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	mountains
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	buildings
name something that prevents you from seeing for miles	vision
name an occasion where you'd see people dancing.	wedding
name an occasion where you'd see people dancing.	party
name something a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole	out of gas
name something a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole	it's a police car
name something a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole	fas gps
name something a carjacker would hate to discover about the car he stole	it doesn't run
name something couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby.	buy clothes
name something couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby.	save money
name something couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby.	buy crib
name something couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby.	decorate nursery
name something couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby.	have baby shower
name something couples do months in advance to prepare for having a baby.	choose a name
name something you spend less time doing when youre on vacation	working
name something you spend less time doing when youre on vacation	sleeping
name something you spend less time doing when youre on vacation	worrying
name something you spend less time doing when youre on vacation	watching tv
name something you spend less time doing when youre on vacation	cleaning/cooking
name an indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter	watching tv/movie
name an indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter	reading
name an indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter	playing games
name an indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter	sleeping
name an indoor activity you spend much more time doing in winter	cooking
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	national enquirer
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	people
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	star
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	time
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	cosmopolitan
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	seventeen
name a magazine you see at supermarket checkout stands	tv guide
name a place that you need an id to enter.	bar
name a place that you need an id to enter.	airplane
name a place that you need an id to enter.	casino
name a place that you need an id to enter.	military base
name a place that you need an id to enter.	school
name a place that you need an id to enter.	work
name someone whose phone calls you try to avoid.	bill collector
name someone whose phone calls you try to avoid.	telemarketer
name someone whose phone calls you try to avoid.	parents
name someone whose phone calls you try to avoid.	boss
name someone whose phone calls you try to avoid.	in laws
name someone whose phone calls you try to avoid.	your ex
name a vegetable that they make baby food out of.	carrots
name a vegetable that they make baby food out of.	peas
name a vegetable that they make baby food out of.	beans
name a vegetable that they make baby food out of.	corn
name a vegetable that they make baby food out of.	spinach
name something most parents have pictures of their child doing	bathing
name something most parents have pictures of their child doing	playing
name something most parents have pictures of their child doing	eating
name something most parents have pictures of their child doing	smile/laugh
name something most parents have pictures of their child doing	sleeping
name something most parents have pictures of their child doing	openig presents
name something people criticize about dr. phil.	arrogant
name something people criticize about dr. phil.	fake
name something people criticize about dr. phil.	too controversial
name something people criticize about dr. phil.	mean
name something people criticize about dr. phil.	too personal
name something people criticize about dr. phil.	hypocrite
name something people do on the day after thanksgiving.	shop
name something people do on the day after thanksgiving.	rest
name the person you spend the most money on at christmas.	kids
name the person you spend the most money on at christmas.	parents
name something a little boy might put on when he's trying to dress up like his daddy.	tie
name something a little boy might put on when he's trying to dress up like his daddy.	suit
name something people accidentally walk into.	doors
name something people accidentally walk into.	windows
name an animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to.	dog
name an animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to.	pig
name an animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to.	snake
name an animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to.	rat
name an animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to.	lion
name an animal you wouldn't want to give mouth to mouth to.	alligator
name something specific a child can do to get on santa's nice list.	chores
name something specific a child can do to get on santa's nice list.	be nice
name something a woman might do to her 12 year old son that would cause him to say, "mom, i'm too old for this"	kiss him in public
name something a woman might do to her 12 year old son that would cause him to say, "mom, i'm too old for this"	clean face
name the ugliest place to get tan lines.	face
name the ugliest place to get tan lines.	arms
name the ugliest place to get tan lines.	shoulders
name a kitchen appliance that might be built-in.	stove
name a kitchen appliance that might be built-in.	microwave
name an annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark.	birds
name an annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark.	insect
name an annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark.	skunks
name an annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark.	snakes
name an annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark.	mice
name an annoying animal you wish noah would have left off the ark.	pigs
name something that most men don't do as well as they think they do.	cook
name something that most men don't do as well as they think they do.	drive
name something that most men don't do as well as they think they do.	clean
name something that most men don't do as well as they think they do.	dishes
name something that most men don't do as well as they think they do.	housework
name something that most men don't do as well as they think they do.	talk
name a word or phrase the post office stamps on a package.	fragile
name a word or phrase the post office stamps on a package.	return to sender
name a good rainy day activity.	reading
name a good rainy day activity.	board game
name something people do to cool down on a hot summer day.	go swimming
name something people do to cool down on a hot summer day.	air conditioner
name an occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people.	sales
name an occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people.	customer service
name an occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people.	waiter
name an occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people.	police officer
name an occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people.	cashier
name an occupation in which you have to put up with a lot from other people.	doctor
name a high school subject that was a total waste of time.	gym
name a high school subject that was a total waste of time.	history
name something that's done when an athlete wins an olympic event.	get a medal
name something that's done when an athlete wins an olympic event.	ceremony
name a family member you might have on your team when playing family feud.	spouse
name a family member you might have on your team when playing family feud.	mother
name a family member you might have on your team when playing family feud.	father
name something water skiers need that snow skiers don't.	life jacket
name something water skiers need that snow skiers don't.	bathing suit
name something water skiers need that snow skiers don't.	boat
name something that's described "smoky".	bar
name something that's described "smoky".	fire
name something that's described "smoky".	meat
name something that's described "smoky".	smokey the bear
name something that's described "smoky".	cheese
name something that's described "smoky".	mountains
name something men stop doing when they fall out of love.	being nice
name something men stop doing when they fall out of love.	kissing
name something men stop doing when they fall out of love.	buying flowers
name something men stop doing when they fall out of love.	talking
name something men stop doing when they fall out of love.	being romantic
name something men stop doing when they fall out of love.	self care
name a way you can tell that halloween is coming.	pumpkins
name a way you can tell that halloween is coming.	decorations
name something you'd buy for a dog you'd never buy for a cat.	bone
name something you'd buy for a dog you'd never buy for a cat.	leash
name something you shouldn't take away from a baby, unless you enjoy the sound of screaming.	bottle
name something you shouldn't take away from a baby, unless you enjoy the sound of screaming.	pacifier
name something you do when waiting for a flight.	read
name something you do when waiting for a flight.	sleep
name something you do when waiting for a flight.	eat food
name something you do when waiting for a flight.	listen to music
name a way to get rid of weeds in a garden	pull them
name a way to get rid of weeds in a garden	hoe
name something you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous.	water
name something you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous.	nail clipper
name something you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous.	shampoo
name something you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous.	lotion
name something you're not allowed to carry on planes that you think is ridiculous.	tweezers
name an article of clothing you can't wash in the washing machine.	send us your answers!
name an article of clothing you can't wash in the washing machine.	coat
name something specific a dog barks at.	mailman
name something specific a dog barks at.	other dogs
name a candy bar with nuts in it.	snickers
name a candy bar with nuts in it.	payday
name an advantage a truck has over a car.	size
name an advantage a truck has over a car.	carry more stuff
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	teaching
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	nursing
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	police officer
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	fireman
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	military
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	waitress
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	fast food worker
name an occupation whose members should get an immediate raise.	garbage collector
name an occasion or event after which you might be broke.	wedding
name an occasion or event after which you might be broke.	vacation
name someone whose ideas made this world a better place.	thomas edison
name someone whose ideas made this world a better place.	jesus christ
name someone whose ideas made this world a better place.	martin luther king
name someone whose ideas made this world a better place.	ben franklin
name someone whose ideas made this world a better place.	albert einstein
name someone whose ideas made this world a better place.	lincoln
name a popular vacation city in mexico.	cancun
name a popular vacation city in mexico.	tijuana
name a holiday that you don't get to miss work for	easter
name a holiday that you don't get to miss work for	valentine's day
name a place you might whisper	church
name a place you might whisper	library
name an expression that contains the word "ship".	ship shape
name an expression that contains the word "ship".	worship
name an expression that contains the word "ship".	when my ship c...
name an expression that contains the word "ship".	wrecked ship
name an expression that contains the word "ship".	friendship
name an expression that contains the word "ship".	abandon ship
name a specific type of doctor.	gynecologist
name a specific type of doctor.	surgeon
name a specific type of doctor.	cardiologist
name the worst thing that can happen in the snow.	car accident
name the worst thing that can happen in the snow.	get stuck
name something no marriage ceremony would be complete without.	official
name something no marriage ceremony would be complete without.	bride and groom
name something that might annoy a barber about the person whose hair he's cutting.	dirty hair
name something that might annoy a barber about the person whose hair he's cutting.	talks too much
name a kind of place where you run into the rudest people.	mall
name a kind of place where you run into the rudest people.	bar
name a kind of place where you run into the rudest people.	restaurant
name a kind of place where you run into the rudest people.	sporting event
name a kind of place where you run into the rudest people.	church
name a kind of place where you run into the rudest people.	dmv
name something you'd find in almost every room of a house.	light
name something you'd find in almost every room of a house.	window
name something you'd find in almost every room of a house.	door
name a comic book superhero who could have used a little therapy.	spider man
name a comic book superhero who could have used a little therapy.	batman
name a comic book superhero who could have used a little therapy.	superman
name a type of yardwork that people dread doing	raking leaves
name a type of yardwork that people dread doing	mow
name a specific reason why people drink coffee.	to wake up
name a specific reason why people drink coffee.	taste
name a famous scott or scottie.	scotty of startrek
name a famous scott or scottie.	scott baio
name a famous scott or scottie.	f.s. fitzgerald
name a famous scott or scottie.	scott hamilton
name a famous scott or scottie.	george c. scott
name a famous scott or scottie.	sean connery
name a reason why someone might apply for a loan.	send us your answers!
name a reason why someone might apply for a loan.	house
name something listed on a wedding invitation.	date
name something listed on a wedding invitation.	names
name something listed on a wedding invitation.	location
name something people stomp on with their foot.	insects
name something people stomp on with their foot.	pedal
name a kind of tree that streets are named after.	oak
name a kind of tree that streets are named after.	maple
name a kind of tree that streets are named after.	pine
name something people might use to make their online passwords.	pet's name
name something people might use to make their online passwords.	kid's name
name something people might use to make their online passwords.	phone number
name something people might use to make their online passwords.	birthday
name something an artist uses.	paint brush
name something an artist uses.	canvas
name something that often gets stolen.	send us your answers!
name something that often gets stolen.	money
name something most burglars never steal during a home robbery.	clothes
name something most burglars never steal during a home robbery.	food
name something most burglars never steal during a home robbery.	pictures
name something most burglars never steal during a home robbery.	refrigerator
name something most burglars never steal during a home robbery.	couch
name something most burglars never steal during a home robbery.	dishes
name a city that is expensive to live in.	send us your answers!
name a city that is expensive to live in.	new york
name something you would see at a football game.	players
name something you would see at a football game.	football
name something you would see at a football game.	spectators
name something you would see at a football game.	goal posts
name something you would see at a football game.	cheerleaders
name something a man might have a collection of.	baseball cards
name something a man might have a collection of.	stamps
name something a man might have a collection of.	coins
name something a man might have a collection of.	magazines
name something a man might have a collection of.	cars
name a sport where the athletes don't look very athletic.	bowling
name a sport where the athletes don't look very athletic.	golf
name a college a good football player would want to go to.	notre dame
name a college a good football player would want to go to.	univ. of miami
name a college a good football player would want to go to.	univ. of michigan
name a college a good football player would want to go to.	u.s.c.
name a college a good football player would want to go to.	u.c.l.a.
name a college a good football player would want to go to.	florida state
name a college major that ends in "ology"	biology
name a college major that ends in "ology"	psychology
name a good food to throw in a food fight.	mashed potato
name a good food to throw in a food fight.	pie
name a sport which is not played in the olympics.	football
name a sport which is not played in the olympics.	motocross
name a sport which is not played in the olympics.	bowling
name a sport which is not played in the olympics.	rugby
name a sport which is not played in the olympics.	racquetball
name a sport which is not played in the olympics.	auto racing
name something you have in your house right now that doesn't work.	television
name something you have in your house right now that doesn't work.	fan
name something you have in your house right now that doesn't work.	clock
name something you have in your house right now that doesn't work.	radio
name something you have in your house right now that doesn't work.	vcr
name something you have in your house right now that doesn't work.	computer
name a reason why you might be driving slower than usual.	traffic
name a reason why you might be driving slower than usual.	accident ahead
name a classic party game that people never get tired of playing.	charades
name a classic party game that people never get tired of playing.	monopoly
name a classic party game that people never get tired of playing.	cards
name a classic party game that people never get tired of playing.	twister
name a classic party game that people never get tired of playing.	scrabble
name a classic party game that people never get tired of playing.	bingo
name a fruit with lots of seeds.	watermelon
name a fruit with lots of seeds.	pomegranate
name someone or something you might get trip ideas from.	send us your answers!
name someone or something you might get trip ideas from.	internet
name something that might keep the doctor away.	apple
name something that might keep the doctor away.	vitamins
name something that might keep the doctor away.	exercise
name something that might keep the doctor away.	healthy
name a source of power.	the sun
name a source of power.	combustion
name a source of power.	the wind
name a source of power.	batteries
name a source of power.	water
name something about your car that's different when the parking attendant brings it back.	seats moved
name something about your car that's different when the parking attendant brings it back.	radio station
name a profession people make mean jokes about.	lawyers
name a profession people make mean jokes about.	teachers
name a profession people make mean jokes about.	actors
name something you do when you're bored.	send us your answers!
name something you do when you're bored.	watch tv
name something that most american people would die for.	country
name something that most american people would die for.	freedom
name something that most american people would die for.	rights
name something that most american people would die for.	family
name something a woman should change after her divorce.	name
name something a woman should change after her divorce.	bank account
name something a woman should change after her divorce.	hairstyle
name something a woman should change after her divorce.	address/telephone
name something a woman should change after her divorce.	phone number
name a current movie star known for having a great smile.	jim carrey
name a current movie star known for having a great smile.	julia roberts
name a current movie star known for having a great smile.	tom cruise
name a current movie star known for having a great smile.	arnold schwarzenegger
name a current movie star known for having a great smile.	brad pitt
name a current movie star known for having a great smile.	leonardo dicaprio
name the number of times per week that you stay up past 11:00pm.	seven
name the number of times per week that you stay up past 11:00pm.	five
name the number of times per week that you stay up past 11:00pm.	two
name the number of times per week that you stay up past 11:00pm.	three
name an occupation where you don't have to look your best.	trash collector
name an occupation where you don't have to look your best.	miner
name an occupation where you don't have to look your best.	construction
name an occupation where you don't have to look your best.	janitor
name an occupation where you don't have to look your best.	telemarketer
name an occupation where you don't have to look your best.	gardener
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	bathroom
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	kitchen
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	bedroom
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	den
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	dining room
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	kids room
name a room in your home that's hard to keep clean.	living room
name a part of a motorcycle that it would be tough to ride without.	seat
name a part of a motorcycle that it would be tough to ride without.	wheels
name a part of a motorcycle that it would be tough to ride without.	handle bars
name a food that makes your whole kitchen smell.	fish
name a food that makes your whole kitchen smell.	onions
name a food that makes your whole kitchen smell.	garlic
name a food that makes your whole kitchen smell.	cabbage
name a food that makes your whole kitchen smell.	cookies
name something you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives.	undies/lingerie
name something you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives.	pajamas/nightgown
name something you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives.	robe
name something you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives.	towel
name something you'd hate to be wearing when unexpected company arrives.	birthday suit
name an occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds.	singer
name an occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds.	comedian
name an occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds.	athlete
name an occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds.	politician
name an occupation in which you might have to face booing crowds.	actor
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	harmonica
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	harp
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	banjo
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	flute
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	spoons
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	accordion
name a non-traditional instrument you might see people playing.	bagpipes
name something a kid might be afraid of.	the dark
name something a kid might be afraid of.	monsters
name something a kid might be afraid of.	ghosts
name something a kid might be afraid of.	dogs
name something a kid might be afraid of.	spiders
name something a kid might be afraid of.	clowns
name a famous college that looks impressive on someone's resume.	harvard
name a famous college that looks impressive on someone's resume.	yale
name a famous college that looks impressive on someone's resume.	mit
name a famous college that looks impressive on someone's resume.	notredame
name a famous college that looks impressive on someone's resume.	usc
name a famous college that looks impressive on someone's resume.	princeton
name a person who's famous for having funny-looking hair.	donking
name a person who's famous for having funny-looking hair.	bozo the clown
name a person who's famous for having funny-looking hair.	carrottop
name a person who's famous for having funny-looking hair.	phyllis diller
name a person who's famous for having funny-looking hair.	whoopie goldberg
name a person who's famous for having funny-looking hair.	kramer
name another way to say "go away".	leave
name another way to say "go away".	get lost
name another way to say "go away".	scream
name another way to say "go away".	shoo
name another way to say "go away".	bye
name another way to say "go away".	get out
name something you like about your job.	the pay
name something you like about your job.	coworkers
name something you like about your job.	the hours
name something you like about your job.	vacation
name something you like about your job.	benefits
name a sport that involves throwing something	baseball
name a sport that involves throwing something	football
name a sport that involves throwing something	javelin
name a sport that involves throwing something	basketball
name a performer in the circus.	clown
name a performer in the circus.	lion tamer
name something you feel for in the dark.	light switch
name something you feel for in the dark.	eyeglasses
name something you feel for in the dark.	flashlight
name something you feel for in the dark.	betterhalf
name something you feel for in the dark.	alarm clock
name something you feel for in the dark.	bed
name something you would eat in mexico.	tacos
name something you would eat in mexico.	burritos
name something you would eat in mexico.	enchiladas
name something you would eat in mexico.	tamales
name something you would eat in mexico.	tortillas
name something you don't want to find in restaurant food.	hair
name something you don't want to find in restaurant food.	fly
name something you don't want to find in restaurant food.	roach
name something you don't want to find in restaurant food.	rat
name something you don't want to find in restaurant food.	dirt
name a business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service.	restaurant
name a business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service.	post office
name a business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service.	bank
name a business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service.	grocery stores
name a business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service.	phone company
name a business where you hear a lot of people complain about the service.	aaa
name something specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom.	cleaning/dishes
name something specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom.	laundry/ironing
name something specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom.	cooking
name something specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom.	children
name something specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom.	plants/yard
name something specific in a home that might have been neglected by a working mom.	spouse
name something men brag they have done many times in their lives.	dated beauties
name something men brag they have done many times in their lives.	driven fast
name something men brag they have done many times in their lives.	caught big fish
name something men brag they have done many times in their lives.	athletic
name something a surgeon keeps near them when they work.	scalpel/knife
name something a surgeon keeps near them when they work.	stethoscope
name something a surgeon keeps near them when they work.	nurse/assistant
name something a surgeon keeps near them when they work.	pager/beeper
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	turkey
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	cake
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	caviar
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	roast
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	lobster
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	pudding
name a food you only serve on special occasions.	icecream
name something a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing.	coat tails
name something a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing.	tie
name something a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing.	glasses
name something a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing.	white gloves
name something a person wearing a top hat would also probably be wearing.	shiny shoes
name something on the highway that doesn't move.	speed limit sign
name something on the highway that doesn't move.	road
name something on the highway that doesn't move.	street lines
name something on the highway that doesn't move.	guardrail
name something that might get bigger the older a person becomes.	stomach
name something that might get bigger the older a person becomes.	nose/face
name something that might get bigger the older a person becomes.	bottom
name something that might get bigger the older a person becomes.	ears/ear lobes
name something that might get bigger the older a person becomes.	feet
name something that might get bigger the older a person becomes.	bank account
name something that grows underwater.	seaweed
name something that grows underwater.	coral
name something that grows underwater.	fish
name something that grows underwater.	algae
name something a small child would do as a chore.	wash dishes
name something a small child would do as a chore.	cleaning bedroom
name something a small child would do as a chore.	take out trash
name something a small child would do as a chore.	pick up toys
name something a small child would do as a chore.	make the bed
name something people have several of each day.	meals
name something people have several of each day.	glasses of water
name something people have several of each day.	cups of coffee
name something people have several of each day.	soft drinks
name something people have several of each day.	phone calls
name something rich people might sell if they need to raise cash.	jewelry
name something rich people might sell if they need to raise cash.	stocks
name something rich people might sell if they need to raise cash.	car
name something rich people might sell if they need to raise cash.	house
name something rich people might sell if they need to raise cash.	artwork
name something rich people might sell if they need to raise cash.	boat
name a costume a woman might wear for halloween.	witch
name a costume a woman might wear for halloween.	a cat
name a costume a woman might wear for halloween.	a nurse
name a costume a woman might wear for halloween.	a maid
name a costume a woman might wear for halloween.	wonder woman
name a specific gift people give that they have made themselves.	food
name a specific gift people give that they have made themselves.	sweater
name a specific gift people give that they have made themselves.	card
name a specific gift people give that they have made themselves.	afghan
name a specific gift people give that they have made themselves.	drawing
name a specific gift people give that they have made themselves.	photo album
name something you use to kill insects.	pesticide
name something you use to kill insects.	fly swatter
name something you use to kill insects.	shoes
name something you use to kill insects.	newspaper
name something you use to kill insects.	hands
name type of event where you often see scalpers outside	concert
name type of event where you often see scalpers outside	baseball game
name something parents wish a baby could do for himself	go to bathroom
name something parents wish a baby could do for himself	eat
name a common tool you might find in your garage	hammer
name a common tool you might find in your garage	wrench
name a common tool you might find in your garage	screwdriver
name a common tool you might find in your garage	lawn mower
name a common tool you might find in your garage	rake
name a common tool you might find in your garage	saw
name a common tool you might find in your garage	shovel
name something you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends.	car
name something you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends.	house/vacation h.
name something you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends.	big screen tv
name something you buy that would suddenly bring you a lot of new friends.	swimming pool
name a male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy.	sean connery
name a male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy.	richard gere
name a male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy.	george clooney
name a male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy.	clint eastwood
name a male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy.	mel gibson
name a male actor with gray hair who women consider sexy.	burt reynolds
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	in-laws
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	boss
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	animals
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	neighbors
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	police officer
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	friends
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	spouse
name some people you're nice to even if you don't like them.	ex-husband
name someone you'd be embarrassed to be drunk in front of.	parents
name someone you'd be embarrassed to be drunk in front of.	grandmother
name someone you'd be embarrassed to be drunk in front of.	boss
name something people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla.	her looks/hair
name something people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla.	frumpy clothes
name something people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla.	her age
name something people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla.	"the other woman"
name something people criticize about prince charles' new wife, camilla.	she's no diana
name something people record.	music
name something people record.	television shows
name something people record.	voice
name something people record.	parties
name something people record.	births
name something people record.	checks
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	ribs
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	chicken
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	hamburgers
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	hot dog
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	potato salad
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	steak
name a food you might find at a barbecue.	baked beans
name a reason a person comes home late from work.	working late
name a reason a person comes home late from work.	stuck in traffic
name a reason a person comes home late from work.	having affair
name a reason a person comes home late from work.	happy hour
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	flip flops
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	sandals
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	slippers
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	moccasins
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	stilettos
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	heels
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	high heels
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	platforms
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	pumps
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	penny loafers
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	loafers
name a type of shoe you might not wear socks with.	clogs
name something about getting older you look forward to.	retiring
name something about getting older you look forward to.	social security
name something about getting older you look forward to.	grandchildren
name something about getting older you look forward to.	wisdom
name something about getting older you look forward to.	discounts
name a reason kids love summer.	no school
name a reason kids love summer.	swimming
name a reason kids love summer.	sports
name a reason kids love summer.	weather
name a reason people have a garage sale.	get rid of junk
name a reason people have a garage sale.	need money
name an animal that has scales.	fish
name an animal that has scales.	snake
name an animal that has scales.	alligator
name a fruit that does not grow on a tree.	strawberries
name a fruit that does not grow on a tree.	watermelons
name a fruit that does not grow on a tree.	grapes
name a fruit that does not grow on a tree.	tomatoes
name a fruit that does not grow on a tree.	pineapples
name something a germaphobe tries not to touch.	toilet
name something a germaphobe tries not to touch.	door knob
name something a germaphobe tries not to touch.	other people
name something a germaphobe tries not to touch.	money
name something a germaphobe tries not to touch.	pay phone
name something a germaphobe tries not to touch.	sink faucet
name a popular fast food chain.	mcdonald's
name a popular fast food chain.	burger king
name a popular fast food chain.	wendy's
name a popular fast food chain.	kentucky fried c.
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	money
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	their lunch
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	hat
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	sunglasses
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	keys
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	shoe
name something people lose on a roller coaster.	jewelry
name something people stock up on in case of a hurricane.	water
name something people stock up on in case of a hurricane.	food
name an occupation in which you might do a lot of digging.	construction
name an occupation in which you might do a lot of digging.	grave digger
name an occupation in which you might do a lot of digging.	gardener
name an occupation in which you might do a lot of digging.	detective
name an occupation in which you might do a lot of digging.	plumber
name an occupation in which you might do a lot of digging.	archeologist
name a food you eat with a spoon.	soup
name a food you eat with a spoon.	cereal
name a food you eat with a spoon.	ice cream
name a food you eat with a spoon.	mashed potatoes
name a state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there.	florida
name a state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there.	california
name a state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there.	new york
name a state whose natural disasters would make you afraid to live there.	alaska
name a famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra.	beethoven
name a famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra.	mozart
name a famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra.	bach
name a famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra.	tchaikovsky
name a famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra.	brahms
name a famous composer whose music is performed by a symphony orchestra.	chopin
name something someone on a diet might do once every day.	cheating
name something someone on a diet might do once every day.	weigh self
name something someone on a diet might do once every day.	exercise
name something someone on a diet might do once every day.	drink water
name something someone on a diet might do once every day.	drink soda
name something someone on a diet might do once every day.	drink beer
name something which only happens to people once a year.	taxes
name something which only happens to people once a year.	vacation
name something which only happens to people once a year.	birthday
name something which only happens to people once a year.	christmas
name something which only happens to people once a year.	new year's
name something which only happens to people once a year.	anniversary
name a summer job a lot of teenagers get.	fast food
name a summer job a lot of teenagers get.	mowing lawns
name a summer job a lot of teenagers get.	lifeguard
name a summer job a lot of teenagers get.	babysitter
name a summer job a lot of teenagers get.	paper route
name a summer job a lot of teenagers get.	camp counselor
name something about a man's car that he might brag about.	power
name something about a man's car that he might brag about.	price
name something about a man's car that he might brag about.	stereo
name something about a man's car that he might brag about.	tires
name something about a man's car that he might brag about.	leather interior
name an animal that you would not like to meet in the wild.	bear
name an animal that you would not like to meet in the wild.	lions
name an animal that you would not like to meet in the wild.	snake
name an animal that you would not like to meet in the wild.	mountain lion
name an animal that you would not like to meet in the wild.	wolf
name something you might hang on a hook.	coat
name something you might hang on a hook.	picture
name something you might hang on a hook.	clothes
name something you might hang on a hook.	hat
name something you might hang on a hook.	keys
name a place that should never host the summer olympics.	alaska
name a place that should never host the summer olympics.	greenland
name a place that should never host the summer olympics.	canada
name a place that should never host the summer olympics.	iceland
name a place that should never host the summer olympics.	russia
name something you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine.	air/oxygen
name something you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine.	water
name something you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine.	food
name something you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine.	toilet paper
name something you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine.	deodorant
name something you'd hate to run out of if you lived in a submarine.	soap
name something in the house teens use for hours at a time.	telephone
name something in the house teens use for hours at a time.	computer
name something in the house teens use for hours at a time.	television
name something in the house teens use for hours at a time.	video game
name something people get in shape for.	wedding
name something people get in shape for.	summer
name something people get in shape for.	school reunion
name something people get in shape for.	marathon
name something people get in shape for.	health
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	florist
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	funeral
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	garden
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	wedding
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	park
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	church
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	greenhouse
name a place where you would see lots of flowers:	hospital room
name someone you would send a christmas card to.	parents
name someone you would send a christmas card to.	grandparents
name someone you would send a christmas card to.	friends
name someone you would send a christmas card to.	coworkers
name someone you would send a christmas card to.	santa
name an animal you expect to see at the zoo.	send us your answers!
name an animal you expect to see at the zoo.	monkeys
name an animal you expect to see at the zoo.	tigers
name an action star whose muscles have muscles.	schwarzenegger
name an action star whose muscles have muscles.	sly stallone
name an action star whose muscles have muscles.	"the rock"
name an action star whose muscles have muscles.	jean-c. van damme
name an action star whose muscles have muscles.	ll cool j
name an action star whose muscles have muscles.	lou ferrigno/hulk
name something you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it.	sleep
name something you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it.	food
name something you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it.	coffee
name something you would be grouchy about if you went too long without it.	cigarettes
name a type of baby food that looks gross but babies love.	peas
name a type of baby food that looks gross but babies love.	peaches
name a type of baby food that looks gross but babies love.	spinach
name a type of baby food that looks gross but babies love.	carrots
name a type of baby food that looks gross but babies love.	bananas
name something people say you can never have too many of.	friends
name something people say you can never have too many of.	clothes
name something people say you can never have too many of.	dollar bills
name something people say you can never have too many of.	kids
name something people say you can never have too many of.	cars
name something you only want to do once.	die
name something you only want to do once.	get married
name something you only want to do once.	skydive
name something you only want to do once.	go on trip
name something you only want to do once.	surgery
name something you only want to do once.	go to jail
name something you only want to do once.	bungee jump
name a reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit.	too hot
name a reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit.	snow inside
name a reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit.	too tight
name a reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit.	need to use bathroom
name a reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit.	get an itch
name a reason why a kid becomes uncomfortable in their snowsuit.	can't move/ bulky
name a reason you might suspect your friend is pregnant.	weight gain
name a reason you might suspect your friend is pregnant.	sick
name a historically significant year.	1776
name a historically significant year.	2001
name a historically significant year.	1492
name a historically significant year.	2000
name a historically significant year.	1963
name a historically significant year.	1812
name something kids with summer jobs might dream about.	beach
name something kids with summer jobs might dream about.	swimming pool
name something kids with summer jobs might dream about.	friends
name something kids with summer jobs might dream about.	shopping
name something kids with summer jobs might dream about.	car
name something kids with summer jobs might dream about.	partying
name something that carries a big load.	truck
name something that carries a big load.	washing machine
name something that carries a big load.	freight train
name something that carries a big load.	plow
name something that carries a big load.	wheelbarrow
name something that carries a big load.	mule
name the happiest day in a person's life.	wedding
name the happiest day in a person's life.	birth of a child
name the happiest day in a person's life.	debt free
name the happiest day in a person's life.	winning the lottery
name the happiest day in a person's life.	christmas
name the happiest day in a person's life.	graduation
name someplace a teenager complains about having to go.	school/college
name someplace a teenager complains about having to go.	church
name someplace a teenager complains about having to go.	family function
name someplace a teenager complains about having to go.	dentist/doctor
name someplace a teenager complains about having to go.	work
name someplace a teenager complains about having to go.	grocery store
name something a gardener might cut while he's on the job.	grass
name something a gardener might cut while he's on the job.	shrubs
name something a gardener might cut while he's on the job.	weeds
name something a gardener might cut while he's on the job.	flowers
name something a gardener might cut while he's on the job.	hand
name something a gardener might cut while he's on the job.	trees
name one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport.	bomb
name one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport.	gun
name one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport.	hijack
name one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport.	fire
name one word you should never say, even jokingly, when you're at an airport.	terrorist
name something teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say.	clean room/do chores
name something teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say.	be home by curfew
name something teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say.	no
name something teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say.	go to bed
name something teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say.	do your homework
name something teenagers pretend not to hear their parents say.	you're grounded
name a rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa.	mick jagger
name a rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa.	rod stewart
name a rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa.	bruce springsteen
name a rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa.	paul mccartney
name a rock star who is old enough to be a grandpa.	phil collins
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	gasoline
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	clothes
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	cars
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	toilet paper
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	cigarettes
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	soap
name something (other than food) that people will buy, even if it is tripled in price.	jewelry
name something that keeps people safe.	police officer
name something that keeps people safe.	security alarm
name something that keeps people safe.	seat belts
name something that keeps people safe.	guns
name something that keeps people safe.	locks
name something people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway.	get nude/topless
name something people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway.	drink alcohol
name something people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway.	smoke
name something people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway.	make love
name something people aren't allowed to do at the beach but some do anyway.	bring their pets
name something people put a padlock on.	backyard shed
name something people put a padlock on.	garden shed
name something people put a padlock on.	shed
name something people put a padlock on.	locker
name something people put a padlock on.	bike
name something people put a padlock on.	bicycle
name something people put a padlock on.	cycle
name something people put a padlock on.	the door
name something people put a padlock on.	door
name something people put a padlock on.	entrance
name something people put a padlock on.	strongbox
name something people put a padlock on.	safe
name something people put a padlock on.	vault
name something people put a padlock on.	coffer
name something people put a padlock on.	chest
name something people put a padlock on.	gate
name something people put a padlock on.	carport
name something people put a padlock on.	garage
name something people plan in advance.	vacation
name something people plan in advance.	wedding day
name something people plan in advance.	retirement
name something people plan in advance.	dinner party
name something eaten at a luau.	pork
name something eaten at a luau.	pineapple
name something a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it.	ring
name something a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it.	child
name something a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it.	weight
name something a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it.	photograph
name something a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it.	purse
name something a woman loses that makes her cry when she finds it.	love
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	games
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	pool
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	people
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	dark
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	mirrors
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	no rules
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	food
name something that makes the "fun" house in the neighbourhood so much fun.	parties
name a bug that makes some women scream.	spider
name a bug that makes some women scream.	cockroach
name a bug that makes some women scream.	bee
name a bug that makes some women scream.	rats
name something that moves very slowly.	turtles
name something that moves very slowly.	snails
name something that moves very slowly.	sloths
name something that moves very slowly.	old people
name something that moves very slowly.	worms
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	witch
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	dracula
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	french maid
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	ghost
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	devil
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	pirate
name a costume adults like to wear on halloween.	nurse
name something you spend more money on the older you get.	healthcare
name something you spend more money on the older you get.	clothes/shoes
name something you spend more money on the older you get.	cars
name something you spend more money on the older you get.	travel/vacation
name a sport that requires you to hit something.	baseball
name a sport that requires you to hit something.	boxing
name a sport that requires you to hit something.	hockey
name a sport that requires you to hit something.	golf
name a sport that requires you to hit something.	tennis
name a sport that requires you to hit something.	football
name something that heats up when you turn it on.	stove/oven
name something that heats up when you turn it on.	heater
name something that heats up when you turn it on.	iron
name something that heats up when you turn it on.	tea kettle
name something that heats up when you turn it on.	coffee pot
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	cry
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	curse
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	scream/tantrum
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	talk back
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	lie
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	break something
name something specific a child does that causes his mom to give "the look."	fight with siblings
name something people use a coupon for.	groceries
name something people use a coupon for.	health and beauty
name something people do on a tropical getaway.	sunbathe
name something people do on a tropical getaway.	relax
name something people do on a tropical getaway.	swim
name something people do on a tropical getaway.	cocktails
name something people do on a tropical getaway.	snorkel
name something people own that they brag about being really big.	house/property
name something people own that they brag about being really big.	car
name something people own that they brag about being really big.	tv
name something people own that they brag about being really big.	money/bank acc't
name something people own that they brag about being really big.	boat
name something people own that they brag about being really big.	body parts
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	barbecuing
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	gardening
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	mowing lawn
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	play games/sports
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	swimming
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	raking leaves
name an activity you see people doing in their backyard.	sunbathing
name a fitness expert.	richard simmons
name a fitness expert.	jillian michaels
name a fitness expert.	jack lalanne
name a fitness expert.	chuck norris
name a fitness expert.	billy blanks
name a device with buttons that you don't want kids to get a hold of.	remote control
name a device with buttons that you don't want kids to get a hold of.	phone
name something on your face that you have two of.	eyes
name something on your face that you have two of.	nasal cavities
name something on your face that you have two of.	nostrils
name something on your face that you have two of.	big ears
name something on your face that you have two of.	ears
name something on your face that you have two of.	rabbit ears
name something on your face that you have two of.	lips
name a place where you have used a lot of excuses.	work
name a place where you have used a lot of excuses.	school
name a place where you have used a lot of excuses.	doctor/dentist
name a place where you have used a lot of excuses.	bar
name a country that makes the best beer.	germany
name a country that makes the best beer.	australia
name a country that makes the best beer.	belgium
name a country that makes the best beer.	mexico
name a country that makes the best beer.	ireland
name something in your house that's over fifty years old.	me
name something in your house that's over fifty years old.	furniture
name something in your house that's over fifty years old.	nothing
name something in your house that's over fifty years old.	spouse
name something in your house that's over fifty years old.	parents
name something in your house that's over fifty years old.	house
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	ann
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	sue
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	amy
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	eve
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	pam
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	mia
name a woman's name that is only 3 letters.	kim
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	jumping jacks
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	yoga
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	squats
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	skipping
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	jogging
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	sit ups
name an exercise that would be funny to watch a nudist do.	splits
name a fruit you don't need to peel to eat.	apples
name a fruit you don't need to peel to eat.	grapes
name a fruit you don't need to peel to eat.	strawberries
name a fruit you don't need to peel to eat.	peaches
name a fruit you don't need to peel to eat.	cherries
name a celebrity who's a good role model.	tom hanks
name a celebrity who's a good role model.	neil patrick harris
name a celebrity who's a good role model.	dwayne johnson
name a celebrity who's a good role model.	denzel washington
name a popular brand of men's underwear.	hanes
name a popular brand of men's underwear.	fruit of the loom
name something that can destroy a city.	bomb
name something that can destroy a city.	hurricane
name something that can destroy a city.	tsunami
name something that can destroy a city.	earthquake
name something that can destroy a city.	fire
name something that can destroy a city.	godzilla
name something that is sticky.	glue
name something that is sticky.	gum
name something that is sticky.	candy
name something that is sticky.	honey
name something that is sticky.	syrup
name something that is sticky.	tape
name something that is sticky.	peanut butter
name a beast of burden.	donkey
name a beast of burden.	ox
name a beast of burden.	mule
name a beast of burden.	horse
name a beast of burden.	elephant
name a beast of burden.	camel
name something that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense.	meals/restaurant
name something that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense.	car/gasoline
name something that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense.	computer
name something that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense.	office supplies
name something that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense.	clothes/uniform
name something that people buy for themselves that they try to hide as a business expense.	trip/vacation
name something you can eat on a bun.	hot dog
name something you can eat on a bun.	hamburger
name something that was bigger in the 1970s.	hair
name something that was bigger in the 1970s.	cars
name something that was bigger in the 1970s.	disco
name something that was bigger in the 1970s.	bell bottoms
name an ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious.	cinnamon
name an ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious.	vanilla
name an ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious.	cocoa powder
name an ingredient that is gross on its own, but makes desserts delicious.	butter
name a famous movie about a dog.	lassie
name a famous movie about a dog.	beethoven
name a famous movie about a dog.	old yeller
name a famous movie about a dog.	benji
name a famous movie about a dog.	air bud
name something you expect people to do at halloween, but not at christmas.	wear costumes
name something you expect people to do at halloween, but not at christmas.	trick or treat
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	mailman
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	plumber
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	ups/deliveryman
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	milkman
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	construction
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	salesman
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	pool man
name an occupation that gets hit on by bored housewives.	cable guy
name something every person in america should be able to afford.	housing
name something every person in america should be able to afford.	healthcare/drugs
name something every person in america should be able to afford.	car
name something every person in america should be able to afford.	food
name something every person in america should be able to afford.	education
name something every person in america should be able to afford.	tv
name something you do to keep your cool when you're upset.	breath
name something you do to keep your cool when you're upset.	count to 10
name something you do to keep your cool when you're upset.	walk
name something you do to keep your cool when you're upset.	listen to music
name something you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store.	underwear
name something you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store.	bed
name something you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store.	food
name something you wouldn't want to buy at a thrift store.	shoes
name a household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing.	dishes
name a household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing.	laundry
name a household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing.	dusting
name a household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing.	sweeping
name a household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing.	vacuuming
name a household chore that you feel like you're contantly doing.	cooking
name something you do while your friend drives.	talk
name something you do while your friend drives.	listen to radio
name something you do while your friend drives.	look out window
name something you do while your friend drives.	give directions
name something you do while your friend drives.	sleep
name something you do while your friend drives.	read
name something that would be hard to do without moving your lips.	talk
name something that would be hard to do without moving your lips.	eat
name something that would be hard to do without moving your lips.	kiss
name something that would be hard to do without moving your lips.	sing
name a south american country.	brazil
name a south american country.	argentina
name a south american country.	colombia
name a south american country.	peru
name something people complain about.	weather
name something people complain about.	work
name something people complain about.	money
name something people complain about.	bills
name something people complain about.	broke
name something pirates are famous for:	robbery
name something pirates are famous for:	treasure
name something pirates are famous for:	eye patch
name something pirates are famous for:	walking plank
name something pirates are famous for:	skull & crossbones
name something pirates are famous for:	wooden leg
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	tv
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	sports
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	work
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	reading
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	kids
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	friends
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	car
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	computer
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	fishing
name something women have to compete with for their husband's attention:	gardening
name something you keep within reach when watching television.	remote control
name something you keep within reach when watching television.	telephone
name something you keep within reach when watching television.	snack/drink
name something you keep within reach when watching television.	cigarette
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	marriage
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	growing up
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	working
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	life
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	movies
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	fame
name something that is not all that it is cracked up to be.	college
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	football
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	golf
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	field
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	hockey
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	sports
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	competitions
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	matches
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	track
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	games
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	baseball
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	athletics
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	basketball
name a subject people know lots of trivia about.	soccer
name something you keep in your car in case of emergency.	flashlight
name something you keep in your car in case of emergency.	jumper cables
name something you keep in your car in case of emergency.	blankets
name something you keep in your car in case of emergency.	first-aid kit
name something you keep in your car in case of emergency.	mobile phone
name something you keep in your car in case of emergency.	spare tire
name something protestors burn to make a point.	flag
name something protestors burn to make a point.	books
name something protestors burn to make a point.	sign
name something protestors burn to make a point.	cars
name something protestors burn to make a point.	pictures
name something protestors burn to make a point.	wood
name something you might find in a parent's room.	money
name something you might find in a parent's room.	television
name something you might find in a parent's room.	pictures
name something you might find in a parent's room.	bed
name something you might find in a parent's room.	jewelry
name something people overdo.	makeup
name something people overdo.	exercising
name something people overdo.	eating
name something people overdo.	working
name something specific that you've lost more than once.	keys
name something specific that you've lost more than once.	watch/jewelry
name something specific that you've lost more than once.	money
name something specific that you've lost more than once.	weight
name something specific that you've lost more than once.	wallet/purse
name something kids do on a saturday morning that parents wish they could spend the morning doing.	watch cartoons
name something kids do on a saturday morning that parents wish they could spend the morning doing.	sleep in
name something kids do on a saturday morning that parents wish they could spend the morning doing.	play/leisure time
name something you do to avoid smelling an odor.	plug nose
name something you do to avoid smelling an odor.	hold breath
name something you do to avoid smelling an odor.	spray fragrance
name something you do to avoid smelling an odor.	open window
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	new car
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	clothes
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	new house
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	vacation
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	toys
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	food
name something parents sacrifice buying in order to have money for their kid's college education.	television
name a place you walk barefoot.	beaches
name a place you walk barefoot.	home
name a place you walk barefoot.	parks
name a place you walk barefoot.	health club
name something sold on a street corner.	food
name something sold on a street corner.	newspaper
name something sold on a street corner.	jewelry
name something sold on a street corner.	flowers
name something sold on a street corner.	shirts
name something sold on a street corner.	watches
name something a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies.	flush down toilet
name something a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies.	buy a new one
name something a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies.	give it a funeral
name something a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies.	bury it
name something a parent might do if their kid's pet goldfish dies.	cry
name something you might knit.	sweater
name something you might knit.	scarf
name something you might knit.	socks
name something you might knit.	hat
name a reason you might switch doctors.	bedside manner
name a reason you might switch doctors.	moved
name a reason you might switch doctors.	incompetence
name a reason you might switch doctors.	wait time
name a reason you might switch doctors.	second opinion
name something you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day.	sunbathe
name something you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day.	go to beach
name something you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day.	go swimming
name something you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day.	mow lawn
name something you might do on a sunny day that you'd never do on a rainy day.	take a walk
name a household chore you refuse to do.	clean the bathroom
name a household chore you refuse to do.	take out the trash
name a household chore you refuse to do.	clean the windows
name a household chore you refuse to do.	wash dishes
name a household chore you refuse to do.	laundry
name a household chore you refuse to do.	scrub floor
name something you wear to bed.	pajamas
name something you wear to bed.	underwear
name something you wear to bed.	night gown
name something you wear to bed.	socks
name something you wear to bed.	shirt
name something your house might smell like around the holidays	cookies
name something your house might smell like around the holidays	tree
name something valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car.	purse
name something valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car.	money
name something valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car.	wallet
name something valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car.	mobile phone
name something valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car.	laptop
name something valuable that people should never leave in plain sight in the car.	ipod
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	labor day
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	christmas
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	fourth of july
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	thanksgiving
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	new year's day
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	memorial day
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	president's day
name a holiday that's no day off for salespeople.	valentine's day
name something with the word "band" in it.	bandage
name something with the word "band" in it.	rubber band
name something with the word "band" in it.	band-aid
name something with the word "band" in it.	marching band
name something with the word "band" in it.	wedding band
name something with the word "band" in it.	bandstand
name something you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house.	clothes
name something you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house.	dish
name something you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house.	tower
name something you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house.	bathroom
name something you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house.	glass
name something you'd hate discover you didn't have a clean one of, in the whole house.	silverware
name something kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in.	food
name something kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in.	electrical socket
name something kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in.	nose
name something kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in.	fan
name something kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in.	fire
name something kids get yelled at for sticking their fingers in.	ear
name something your dog would eat if you let him.	people food
name something your dog would eat if you let him.	poop
name something your dog would eat if you let him.	anything
name something your dog would eat if you let him.	shoes
name something your dog would eat if you let him.	furniture
name something your dog would eat if you let him.	bone
name something you might see in a wealthy person's house.	butler
name something you might see in a wealthy person's house.	chandelier
name something you might see in a wealthy person's house.	jacuzzi
name something you might see in a wealthy person's house.	gym
name something people drink that's red.	red wine
name something people drink that's red.	kool-aid
name something people drink that's red.	cranberry juice
name something people drink that's red.	fruit punch
name something people drink that's red.	tomato juice
name something you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing.	smoking
name something you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing.	overeating
name something you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing.	drinking
name something you'd like to be hypnotized to stop doing.	snoring
name an article of clothing that can be buckled.	belt
name an article of clothing that can be buckled.	pants
name something you hate about your job.	the hours
name something you hate about your job.	boss
name something you hate about your job.	the pay
name something you hate about your job.	going
name something you hate about your job.	coworkers
name something you hate about your job.	boring
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	clothes
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	hair
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	curves
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	patience
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	money
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	compassion
name something a woman usually has more of than a man has.	common sense
name a reason why someone might start sweating.	stress
name a reason why someone might start sweating.	heat
name a reason why someone might start sweating.	exercise
name a reason why someone might start sweating.	change
name a reason why someone might start sweating.	hard work
name a reason why someone might start sweating.	embarrassed
name an animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on.	snake
name an animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on.	fish
name an animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on.	whale
name an animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on.	seal
name an animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on.	worm
name an animal that doesn't have a leg to stand on.	dolphin
name something you can get a traffic ticket for.	speeding
name something you can get a traffic ticket for.	running a red light
name something you can get a traffic ticket for.	no seat belt
name something you can get a traffic ticket for.	on the phone
name something jay leno has more of than the average man.	chin
name something jay leno has more of than the average man.	money
name something jay leno has more of than the average man.	cars
name someplace you would find a water fountain.	park
name someplace you would find a water fountain.	school
name something people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them.	blow on them
name something people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them.	kiss them
name something people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them.	shake them
name something people who are at a casino do with dice right before they roll them.	spit on them
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	cutlery
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	utensils
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	flatware
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	spoons
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	forks
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	silverware
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	knives
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	pint glasses
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	wine glasses
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	mugs
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	cups
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	flutes
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	glass
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	goblets
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	saucer
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	plate
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	serviette
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	towelette
name something a germ freak might take from his own kitchen so he does not have to use the one at a restaurant.	napkin
name something you put on a bed.	sheets
name something you put on a bed.	pillows
name something you put on a bed.	comforter
name something you put on a bed.	chocolate
name something people roll up.	sleeves
name something people roll up.	newspaper/mag.
name something people roll up.	carpet/rug
name something people roll up.	money/coins
name something people roll up.	cigarette
name something people roll up.	joint
name a vegetable that is white.	onion
name a vegetable that is white.	turnip
name a vegetable that is white.	potato
name a vegetable that is white.	parsnip
name a vegetable that is white.	cauliflower
name a vegetable that is white.	coconut
name a vegetable that is white.	mushroom
name something from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip.	toothbrush
name something from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip.	paper
name something from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip.	tp
name something from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip.	toilet paper
name something from your bathroom that you might bring on a camping trip.	bathroom tissue
name a food that's sloppy to eat.	sloppy joes
name a food that's sloppy to eat.	spaghetti
name a food that's sloppy to eat.	soup/chili
name a food that's sloppy to eat.	ribs
name a food that's sloppy to eat.	pizza
name a job that requires a lot of communication.	customer service
name a job that requires a lot of communication.	teacher
name a job that requires a lot of communication.	receptionist
name a job that requires a lot of communication.	doctor
name a job that requires a lot of communication.	lawyer
name a room that might have a chair in it.	lounge
name a room that might have a chair in it.	dining room
name a room that might have a chair in it.	kitchen
name a room that might have a chair in it.	study
name something you read every day without fail.	paper/horoscope
name something you read every day without fail.	bible/book
name something you read every day without fail.	the mail
name something you read every day without fail.	magazine
name something you read every day without fail.	street signs
name something you read every day without fail.	the cereal box
name an instrument you might hear in a rock band.	guitar
name an instrument you might hear in a rock band.	drums
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach him.	cry
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach him.	crawl
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach him.	eat/nurse
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach him.	go poo-poo
name something your child might do to annoy you.	cry
name something your child might do to annoy you.	whine
name something your child might do to annoy you.	slam door
name something your child might do to annoy you.	scream
name something your child might do to annoy you.	tantrum
name something your child might do to annoy you.	repeat what i say
name something you might learn how to make in shop class.	birdhouse
name something you might learn how to make in shop class.	bookshelf
name something you might learn how to make in shop class.	dresser
name something you might learn how to make in shop class.	candlestick
name a type of test that people are nervous to get the results for.	pregnancy
name a type of test that people are nervous to get the results for.	blood
name a type of test that people are nervous to get the results for.	standardized
name a type of test that people are nervous to get the results for.	driver
name the american city you think has the rudest people.	new york
name the american city you think has the rudest people.	los angeles
name the american city you think has the rudest people.	boston
name the american city you think has the rudest people.	chicago
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	dog
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	cat
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	bird
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	turtle
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	hamster
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	rabbit
name a kind of pet you had during your childhood.	goldfish
name something rich people love to spend their money on.	cars
name something rich people love to spend their money on.	vacations
name something rich people love to spend their money on.	clothes
name something rich people love to spend their money on.	jewelry
name something rich people love to spend their money on.	themselves
name something rich people love to spend their money on.	boats
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	wedding
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	work/interview
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	dinner
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	funeral
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	party
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	church
name something that's just plain rude to show up late for.	theater/show
name something you might give as a wedding gift.	money
name something you might give as a wedding gift.	chinaware
name something you might give as a wedding gift.	toasters
name something you might give as a wedding gift.	blender
name something you might give as a wedding gift.	gift certificates
name a sport where people say 'good shot'.	golf
name a sport where people say 'good shot'.	cricket
name a sport where people say 'good shot'.	tennis
name a sport where people say 'good shot'.	netball
name a sport where people say 'good shot'.	basketball
name a sport where people say 'good shot'.	darts
name a reason why a baby might be cranky.	hungry
name a reason why a baby might be cranky.	tired
name a reason why a baby might be cranky.	teething
name a reason why a baby might be cranky.	dirty diapers
name a reason why a baby might be cranky.	gas
name a reason why a baby might be cranky.	sick
name something you would find at a tennis match.	balls
name something you would find at a tennis match.	rackets
name something you would find at a tennis match.	players
name something you would find at a tennis match.	net
name something you would find at a tennis match.	spectators
name something you would wear in the winter but not in the summer.	coat
name something you would wear in the winter but not in the summer.	gloves
name something you would wear in the winter but not in the summer.	boots
name something you would wear in the winter but not in the summer.	scarves
name something you would wear in the winter but not in the summer.	long jogns
name something a dog likes to play with.	ball
name something a dog likes to play with.	chewing bone
name something a dog likes to play with.	toys
name something a dog likes to play with.	frisbee
name something a dog likes to play with.	shoes
name something money can't buy.	love
name something money can't buy.	happiness
name something money can't buy.	health
name something money can't buy.	trust
name something money can't buy.	respect
name an animal that carries its babies.	kangaroo
name an animal that carries its babies.	possum
name an animal that carries its babies.	cat
name an animal that carries its babies.	ape
name an animal that carries its babies.	dog
name something your parents would look for in your date.	money
name something your parents would look for in your date.	manners
name something your parents would look for in your date.	job
name something your parents would look for in your date.	looks
name something your parents would look for in your date.	maturity
name something your parents would look for in your date.	education
name something people wear too much of.	cologne
name something people wear too much of.	makeup
name something people wear too much of.	hair spray
name something people wear too much of.	jewelry
name someone people confess crimes to.	priest
name someone people confess crimes to.	friends
name someone people confess crimes to.	police officer
name someone people confess crimes to.	lawyer
name someone people confess crimes to.	judge
name someone people confess crimes to.	family
name something you might put in a picnic basket.	sandwiches
name something you might put in a picnic basket.	wine
name something you might put in a picnic basket.	plates
name something you might put in a picnic basket.	blanket
name something you might put in a picnic basket.	napkins
name something you might put in a picnic basket.	cuttery
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	mall
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	church
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	restaurant
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	movie
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	airport
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	hospital
name a public place where there's always at least one baby crying.	park
name a sport women enjoy watching more than men.	tennis
name a sport women enjoy watching more than men.	ice skating
name a sport women enjoy watching more than men.	gymnastics
name a sport women enjoy watching more than men.	volley ball
name a sport women enjoy watching more than men.	basketball
name a sport women enjoy watching more than men.	golf
name a place where someone gives their car to a stranger.	restaurant
name a place where someone gives their car to a stranger.	auto mechanic
name a place where someone gives their car to a stranger.	car wash
name a place where someone gives their car to a stranger.	hotel
name something that reminds you of new orleans.	mardi gras/beads
name something that reminds you of new orleans.	jazz/music
name something that reminds you of new orleans.	cajun food
name something that reminds you of new orleans.	bourbon street
name something a kid brings in for show and tell.	pet
name something a kid brings in for show and tell.	toy
name something a kid brings in for show and tell.	stuffed animal
name something a kid brings in for show and tell.	doll
name something that requires a lot of practice.	musical instrument
name something that requires a lot of practice.	ice skating
name something that requires a lot of practice.	knitting
name something that requires a lot of practice.	cooking
name something that requires a lot of practice.	dancing
name a food that is messy to eat.	sloppy joes
name a food that is messy to eat.	spaghetti
name a food that is messy to eat.	tacos
name a food that is messy to eat.	ribs
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	pictures
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	first spouse
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	fights
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	home videos
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	kids
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	affair
name something your second spouse would not want to see from your first marriage.	ring
name an occupation that should only be done by very smart people.	doctor
name an occupation that should only be done by very smart people.	lawyer
name an occupation that should only be done by very smart people.	scientist
name an occupation that should only be done by very smart people.	accountant
name an occupation that should only be done by very smart people.	teacher
name an occupation that should only be done by very smart people.	president
name a way you can tell there's someone at your front door.	door bell
name a way you can tell there's someone at your front door.	knock
name something people might trip over.	cables
name something people might trip over.	shoes
name something people might trip over.	carpet
name something people might trip over.	toys
name something people might trip over.	pets
name something people might trip over.	stairs
name something you would not like to get while trick or treating.	apple
name something you would not like to get while trick or treating.	toothbrush
name something you would not like to get while trick or treating.	vegetables
name something you would not like to get while trick or treating.	bad candy
name something you would not like to get while trick or treating.	trick
name something you would not like to get while trick or treating.	rocks
name a place that's meant for kids but parents love it too.	the park
name a place that's meant for kids but parents love it too.	disney/theme park
name a place that's meant for kids but parents love it too.	the zoo
name a place that's meant for kids but parents love it too.	chuck e cheese
name a place that's meant for kids but parents love it too.	the circus
name a place in the house where people store old clothes.	basement
name a place in the house where people store old clothes.	attic
name something you might line up for at a cinema.	popcorn
name something you might line up for at a cinema.	tickets
name something you might line up for at a cinema.	movie
name something you might line up for at a cinema.	icecream
name a place you see men crying.	funeral
name a place you see men crying.	sporting event
name a place you see men crying.	hospital
name a place you see men crying.	home
name a place you see men crying.	church
name a place you see men crying.	wedding
name something a man pretends to like to impress a crush.	romantic comedies
name something a man pretends to like to impress a crush.	clothes
name something a man pretends to like to impress a crush.	children
name something a man pretends to like to impress a crush.	music
name something you should stop eating if you want to lose weight.	candy
name something you should stop eating if you want to lose weight.	hamburgers
name something you should stop eating if you want to lose weight.	cake
name something you should stop eating if you want to lose weight.	ice cream
name something you should stop eating if you want to lose weight.	bread
name something you should stop eating if you want to lose weight.	chips
name something that whistles.	teakettle
name something that whistles.	train
name something that whistles.	bird
name something that whistles.	a person
name something a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them.	paper
name something a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them.	slippers
name something a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them.	remote
name something a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them.	beer
name something a really lazy person might get their dog to fetch for them.	shoes
name a reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house.	it's a mess
name a reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house.	don't like them
name a reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house.	live with parents
name a reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house.	already married
name a reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house.	have a roommate
name a reason why a person might not want to take a date back to their house.	they have kids
name something michael jackson wears:	glove
name something michael jackson wears:	sunglasses
name something michael jackson wears:	black clothing
name something michael jackson wears:	earring
name something michael jackson wears:	makeup
name something people love to give you their opinion on.	parenting
name something people love to give you their opinion on.	finance
name something people love to give you their opinion on.	love life
name something people love to give you their opinion on.	career
name something people love to give you their opinion on.	politics
name something your house has three of:	bedrooms
name something your house has three of:	bathrooms
name something your house has three of:	tvs
name something your house has three of:	doors
name something your house has three of:	telephones
name something your house has three of:	clocks
name something your house has three of:	beds
name something about big bird that is different from real birds.	talks
name something about big bird that is different from real birds.	his size
name something about big bird that is different from real birds.	on tv
name a place where you might see santa before christmas.	malls/stores
name a place where you might see santa before christmas.	tv/movies
name a place where you might see santa before christmas.	parades
name a place where you might see santa before christmas.	street corners
name something women leave lying all over the bathroom.	make-up
name something women leave lying all over the bathroom.	towels
name something women leave lying all over the bathroom.	hair
name something women leave lying all over the bathroom.	underwear
name something women leave lying all over the bathroom.	clothes
name something a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn.	manners
name something a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn.	family recipes
name something a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn.	knitting/sewing
name something a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn.	family history
name something a grandmother might want her grandkids to learn.	native language
name a christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays.	jingle bells
name a christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays.	white christmas
name a christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays.	silent night
name a christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays.	rudolph the re...
name a christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays.	we wish you a...
name a christmas song you cannot get out of your head during the holidays.	deck the halls
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	title
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	interest rates
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	tags
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	power windows
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	prep
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	air conditioner
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	power steering
name a hidden cost when buying a new car.	license fee
name a wild animal that some people keep as pets.	tiger
name a wild animal that some people keep as pets.	snake
name a wild animal that some people keep as pets.	lion
name a wild animal that some people keep as pets.	alligator
name something people like to take pictures of.	children
name something people like to take pictures of.	nature
name something people like to take pictures of.	family
name something people like to take pictures of.	sunsets
name something people like to take pictures of.	themselves
name something your mother says that you don't do enough.	clean
name something your mother says that you don't do enough.	sleep
name something your mother says that you don't do enough.	work
name something your mother says that you don't do enough.	exercise
name something your mother says that you don't do enough.	eat
name something your mother says that you don't do enough.	cook
name a kind of cookie people leave out for santa.	chocolate chip
name a kind of cookie people leave out for santa.	sugar
name a part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads.	ears
name a part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads.	back
name a part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads.	chest
name a part of their body where men start to grow hair about the same time they start losing it on their heads.	nose
name a city that is often featured in spy movies.	new york
name a city that is often featured in spy movies.	london
name a city that is often featured in spy movies.	paris
name a city that is often featured in spy movies.	los angeles
name a city that is often featured in spy movies.	washington dc
name a city that is often featured in spy movies.	moscow
name something that makes a dress sexy.	neckline/low cut
name something that makes a dress sexy.	side split
name something that makes a dress sexy.	tight fitting
name something that makes a dress sexy.	strapless
name something that makes a dress sexy.	backless
name something that makes a dress sexy.	who's wearing it
name something a person can do to become famous.	singer
name something a person can do to become famous.	acting
name something a person can do to become famous.	invent something
name something a person can do to become famous.	become an author
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	phone
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	sing
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	sit
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	sleep
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	panic
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	use alarm
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	pray
name something you'd do if you were alone and stuck in an elevator.	cry
name a public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog.	park
name a public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog.	restaurant
name a public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog.	playground
name a public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog.	stores/market
name a public place where you wish people wouldn't take their dog.	sidewalk
name something people do during which they hate to be disturbed.	sleeping
name something people do during which they hate to be disturbed.	reading
name something people do during which they hate to be disturbed.	making "whoopie"
name something people do during which they hate to be disturbed.	watch'g tv/movies
name something people do during which they hate to be disturbed.	restroom/shower
name something you usually do every night after dinner.	watch television
name something you usually do every night after dinner.	wash dishes
name something you usually do every night after dinner.	relax/sleep
name something you usually do every night after dinner.	brush teeth
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	knees
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	legs
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	shins
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	groin
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	shoulders
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	head
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	chest
name a part of your body which might be padded when playing sport.	bottom
name something you find in a court room.	judge
name something you find in a court room.	lawyers
name something you find in a court room.	jury
name something you find in a court room.	baliff
name something you find in a court room.	gavel
name a kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies.	lizard
name a kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies.	spider
name a kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies.	ape
name a kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies.	squid
name a kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies.	ant
name a kind of creature that becomes giant-sized in sci-fi movies.	snake
name a kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention.	school
name a kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention.	church
name a kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention.	meeting
name a kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention.	movies
name a kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention.	concert
name a kind of place where people pretend to be paying attention.	sports event
name something that many people put off doing because it's too expensive.	vacation
name something that many people put off doing because it's too expensive.	buying new car
name something that many people put off doing because it's too expensive.	buy home
name something that many people put off doing because it's too expensive.	home improvement
name something that many people put off doing because it's too expensive.	having kids
name something that many people put off doing because it's too expensive.	buying clothes
name a wild animal that often becomes roadkill.	possum
name a wild animal that often becomes roadkill.	deer
name a wild animal that often becomes roadkill.	raccoon
name a wild animal that often becomes roadkill.	squirrel
name something you might consider when buying clothes.	cost
name something you might consider when buying clothes.	color
name something you might consider when buying clothes.	brand loyalty
name something you might consider when buying clothes.	fabric
name a company that is known for making cookies.	missus fields
name a company that is known for making cookies.	fields
name a company that is known for making cookies.	mrs fields
name a company that is known for making cookies.	keebler
name a company that is known for making cookies.	nabisco
name a company that is known for making cookies.	amos
name a company that is known for making cookies.	famous amos
name a company that is known for making cookies.	mrs allison
name a company that is known for making cookies.	allison
name a company that is known for making cookies.	missus allison
name a company that is known for making cookies.	nestle
name something you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty.	torch
name something you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty.	robe
name something you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty.	crown
name something you would need if you wanted to dress up like the statue of liberty.	book
name a reason you might have to leave work early.	sick
name a reason you might have to leave work early.	kid is sick
name a reason you might have to leave work early.	doctor's appointment
name a reason you might have to leave work early.	family emergency
name a common topic of conversation at men's poker games.	women/sex
name a common topic of conversation at men's poker games.	sports
name a common topic of conversation at men's poker games.	jobs/money
name a common topic of conversation at men's poker games.	cars
name something that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money.	coat/fur coat
name something that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money.	blanket/comforter
name something that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money.	dog
name something that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money.	bed/mattress
name something that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money.	baby/child
name something that is soft, warm, and costs lots of money.	couch/sofa
name something a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home.	toy
name something a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home.	food
name something a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home.	blanket
name something a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home.	clothes
name something a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home.	backpack
name something a seven year old takes with him when he runs away from home.	pet
name something babies require a lot of.	attention
name something babies require a lot of.	milk
name something babies require a lot of.	love
name something babies require a lot of.	sleep
name something babies require a lot of.	nappies
name something babies require a lot of.	cuddles
name something babies require a lot of.	care
name something babies require a lot of.	food
name something that's good when it's dry.	food
name something that's good when it's dry.	clothes
name something that's good when it's dry.	wine
name something that's good when it's dry.	weather
name something that's good when it's dry.	beach
name something that's good when it's dry.	towel
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	raft
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	patio furniture
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	bathing suit
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	chlorine
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	diving board
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	fence
name something people buy once they get a swimming pool:	pool cover
name a good snack to have at a poker game.	chips and dip
name a good snack to have at a poker game.	pretzels
name a good snack to have at a poker game.	peanuts
name a good snack to have at a poker game.	popcorn
name a good snack to have at a poker game.	pizza
name a good snack to have at a poker game.	sandwiches
name something, besides yourself, that you wash:	car
name something, besides yourself, that you wash:	clothes
name something, besides yourself, that you wash:	dishes
name something, besides yourself, that you wash:	windows
name something you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut.	heights
name something you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut.	flying
name something you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut.	outer space
name something you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut.	close quarters
name something you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut.	weightlessness
name something you cannot be afraid of it you hope to become an astronaut.	speed
name a place that's packed in the summer.	beach
name a place that's packed in the summer.	pool
name a place that's packed in the summer.	amusement park
name a place that's packed in the summer.	water park
name a place that's packed in the summer.	florida
name a place that's packed in the summer.	lake
name something couples might fight about while planning their wedding.	money
name something couples might fight about while planning their wedding.	guest list
name something couples might fight about while planning their wedding.	location
name something couples might fight about while planning their wedding.	bridal party
name something couples might fight about while planning their wedding.	menu
name a creature that uses its tail a lot.	cat
name a creature that uses its tail a lot.	monkey
name a creature that uses its tail a lot.	dog
name a creature that uses its tail a lot.	fish
name a creature that uses its tail a lot.	horse
name a character from "the flintstones".	fred flintstone
name a character from "the flintstones".	barney rubble
name a character from "the flintstones".	betty rubble
name a character from "the flintstones".	bam-bam
name a character from "the flintstones".	wilma flintstone
name a character from "the flintstones".	dino
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	talk
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	smoke
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	dance
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	eat
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	flirt
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	play pool
name something people do at a bar besides drink.	fight
name something kids lie about.	grades
name something kids lie about.	fighting
name something kids lie about.	brush teeth
name something kids lie about.	friends
name a country in asia.	china
name a country in asia.	japan
name a country in asia.	taiwan
name a country in asia.	thailand
name a country in asia.	india
name something you might do when you can't sleep.	read
name something you might do when you can't sleep.	watch tv
name something you might do when you can't sleep.	count sheep
name something you might do when you can't sleep.	eat food
name something you might do when you can't sleep.	drink milk
name a brand of toothpaste you see in just about every drugstore	crest
name a brand of toothpaste you see in just about every drugstore	colgate
name a famous "cary" (all forms of the name).	jim carrey
name a famous "cary" (all forms of the name).	cary grant
name a famous "cary" (all forms of the name).	john kerry
name a famous "cary" (all forms of the name).	drew carey
name a famous "cary" (all forms of the name).	mariah carey
name a famous "cary" (all forms of the name).	carrie fisher
name something in the home that every member of the family probably uses.	bathroom
name something in the home that every member of the family probably uses.	tv
name something in the home that every member of the family probably uses.	toothbrush
name something in the home that every member of the family probably uses.	hairbrush
name a topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about.	sex life
name a topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about.	money/finances
name a topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about.	age
name a topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about.	weight
name a topic people discuss and hardly ever tell the truth about.	mate/spouse
name something you get into and out of every day.	bed
name something you get into and out of every day.	car
name something you get into and out of every day.	clothes
name something you get into and out of every day.	shower
name a hobby people often have.	reading
name a hobby people often have.	stamp collecting
name a hobby people often have.	golf
name a hobby people often have.	gardening
name a hobby people often have.	knitting
name something you would hate to be out of order.	bathroom
name something you would hate to be out of order.	atm
name something you would hate to be out of order.	elevator
name something you would hate to be out of order.	vending machine
name something you would hate to be out of order.	house
name something you would hate to be out of order.	files
name a movie from the 1980s.	the breakfast club
name a movie from the 1980s.	back to the future.
name a movie from the 1980s.	ghostbusters
name a movie from the 1980s.	dirty dancing
name a movie from the 1980s.	e.t.
name a movie from the 1980s.	sixteen candles
name something that is not heavy but still hard to carry.	children
name something that is not heavy but still hard to carry.	box
name something that is not heavy but still hard to carry.	tv
name something that is not heavy but still hard to carry.	mattress
name something that is not heavy but still hard to carry.	groceries
name something that is not heavy but still hard to carry.	burden
name a mountain chain:	rockies
name a mountain chain:	alps
name a mountain chain:	appalachians
name a mountain chain:	smokies
name a mountain chain:	andes
name a mountain chain:	himalayas
name a mountain chain:	blue ridge
name a mountain chain:	grand tetons
name a country that is known for figure skating.	united states
name a country that is known for figure skating.	russia
name a country that is known for figure skating.	canada
name a country that is known for figure skating.	germany
name a country that is known for figure skating.	austria
name a book students keep on hand for reference.	dictionary
name a book students keep on hand for reference.	encyclopedia
name a book students keep on hand for reference.	bible
name a book students keep on hand for reference.	phonebook
name a book students keep on hand for reference.	comics
name something you look forward to seeing in the summer.	beach
name something you look forward to seeing in the summer.	sun
name something you look forward to seeing in the summer.	flowers
name something you look forward to seeing in the summer.	fireworks
name something you look forward to seeing in the summer.	swimming pool
name something you look forward to seeing in the summer.	baseball
name a cooked food that's just as good hot or cold.	pizza
name a cooked food that's just as good hot or cold.	chicken
name a cooked food that's just as good hot or cold.	pasta
name a cooked food that's just as good hot or cold.	potatoes
name a cooked food that's just as good hot or cold.	shrimp
name a cooked food that's just as good hot or cold.	beans
name a sign that your date isn't into you.	always on their phone
name a sign that your date isn't into you.	not talking
name a sign that your date isn't into you.	yawns
name a sign that your date isn't into you.	distracted
name a sign that your date isn't into you.	leaves early
name something your teenager would say is their most prized possession.	car
name something your teenager would say is their most prized possession.	cell phone
name something your teenager would say is their most prized possession.	diary
name something your teenager would say is their most prized possession.	clothes
name something of yours a neighbor might want to borrow.	food
name something of yours a neighbor might want to borrow.	tools
name something of yours a neighbor might want to borrow.	lawn mower
name something of yours a neighbor might want to borrow.	appliances
name something of yours a neighbor might want to borrow.	car
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	eating out
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	out
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	diner
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	restaurant
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	cafeteria
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	movies
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	cinema
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	films
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	hootenanny
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	going to party
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	to party
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	party
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	prom
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	soiree
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	reception
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	socialize
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	get together
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	gathering
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	fete
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	dance
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	fiesta
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	formal
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	traveling
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	trip
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	vacation
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	touring
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	time off
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	safari
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	travelling
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	days off
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	voyage
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	holiday
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	journey
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	car
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	steering
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	driving
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	motoring
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	auto
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	mall
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	boutique
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	store
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	buying
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	shopping
name something people feel uncomfortable doing by themselves.	purchasing
name something specific that you might find in a fridge.	milk
name something specific that you might find in a fridge.	butter
name something specific that you might find in a fridge.	eggs
name something specific that you might find in a fridge.	soda
name something specific that you might find in a fridge.	ketchup
name an american city that is easy to get lost in.	new york city
name an american city that is easy to get lost in.	los angeles
name an american city that is easy to get lost in.	atlanta
name an american city that is easy to get lost in.	san francisco
name a european city everyone knows of.	paris
name a european city everyone knows of.	london
name a european city everyone knows of.	rome
name a european city everyone knows of.	venice
name a european city everyone knows of.	amsterdam
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	florida
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	texas
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	california
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	washington
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	virginia
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	tennessee
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	colorado
name the best u.s. state to raise a family.	georgia
name something you shake before using.	salad dressing
name something you shake before using.	ketchup
name something you shake before using.	whipped cream
name something you shake before using.	hairspray
name something you shake before using.	shaving cream
name a yard chore you hate to do.	mowing the lawn
name a yard chore you hate to do.	raking leaves
name a yard chore you hate to do.	pulling weeds
name a yard chore you hate to do.	shoveling snow
name something first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much.	cries
name something first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much.	goes potty
name something first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much.	laughs/smiles
name something first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much.	sleeps
name something first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much.	eats
name something first-time parents are surprised their baby does so much.	talks
name something people put on their cat for a silly photo.	hat
name something people put on their cat for a silly photo.	sweater/shirt
name something people put on their cat for a silly photo.	glasses
name something people put on their cat for a silly photo.	bow/tie
name something people in cities do to stay cool.	use ac
name something people in cities do to stay cool.	go swimming
name something people in cities do to stay cool.	stay home
name something people in cities do to stay cool.	fire hydrarnt
name a sound your body makes that you might not be able to control.	farting
name a sound your body makes that you might not be able to control.	stomach growling
name a sound your body makes that you might not be able to control.	bones cracking
name a sound your body makes that you might not be able to control.	hiccup
name something that has roots:	tree
name something that has roots:	plant
name something that has roots:	hair
name something that has roots:	teeth
name the place where you do most of your singing.	shower/bathroom
name the place where you do most of your singing.	church
name the place where you do most of your singing.	car
name the place where you do most of your singing.	living room
name the place where you do most of your singing.	kitchen
name the place where you do most of your singing.	on stage
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	tuba
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	piano
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	cello
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	harp
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	drums
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	bass
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	trombone
name a musical instrument that is too big to carry on an airplane.	saxophone
name a punishment kids would love to give their parents.	time out
name a punishment kids would love to give their parents.	no tv
name a punishment kids would love to give their parents.	ground them
name a punishment kids would love to give their parents.	no allowance
name a punishment kids would love to give their parents.	spank them
name a punishment kids would love to give their parents.	clean
name a city in england.	liverpool
name a city in england.	manchester
name a city in england.	leeds
name a city in england.	london
name a city in england.	bristol
name something specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of.	coffee
name something specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of.	bacon
name something specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of.	flowers
name something specific that you'd love to wake up to the smell of.	pancakes
name a slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"!	shut up
name a slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"!	hush
name a slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"!	shh
name a slang expression for the phrase "be quiet"!	can it
name something that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth.	cavity
name something that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth.	teeth fall out
name something that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth.	gum disease
name something that will happen if you stop brushing your teeth.	tartar
name a color of underwear a man would never wear.	pink
name a color of underwear a man would never wear.	red
name a color of underwear a man would never wear.	purple
name something that sparkles.	diamonds
name something that sparkles.	glitter
name something specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th.	car accident
name something specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th.	black cat...path
name something specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th.	fall down
name something specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th.	break mirror
name something specific you're afraid will happen to you on friday the 13th.	die
name something that might be polluted.	water
name something that might be polluted.	air
name something that might be polluted.	beach
name something that might be polluted.	mind
name something that has pits.	peach
name something that has pits.	plum/prune
name something that has pits.	cherry
name something that has pits.	olive
name an american beer.	budweiser
name an american beer.	coors
name an american beer.	miller
name an american beer.	pabst blue ribbon
name a character bugs bunny has been known to fight with.	elmer fudd
name a character bugs bunny has been known to fight with.	daffy duck
name something you might surprise your significant other with.	flowers
name something you might surprise your significant other with.	jewelry
name something you might surprise your significant other with.	dinner
name something you might surprise your significant other with.	vacation
name something you might surprise your significant other with.	car
name something you might surprise your significant other with.	gifts
name an activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim.	lifeguard
name an activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim.	swimming
name an activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim.	boating
name an activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim.	scubadiving
name an activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim.	water skiing
name an activity you shouldn't take up, unless you know how to swim.	water polo
name an animal that moves its tail a lot.	dog
name an animal that moves its tail a lot.	cat
name an animal that moves its tail a lot.	monkey
name an animal that moves its tail a lot.	cow
name an animal that moves its tail a lot.	horse
name something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding
name something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding rings
name something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding cake
name something a bride wants to be huge.	bouquet
name something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding dress
name something you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it.	over eating
name something you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it.	lying
name something you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it.	yelling
name something you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it.	cheating
name something you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it.	spending money
name something you felt guilty about doing soon after you did it.	stealing
name a us state where hockey is popular.	new york
name a us state where hockey is popular.	michigan
name a us state where hockey is popular.	minnesota
name a us state where hockey is popular.	illinois
name a us state where hockey is popular.	wisconsin
name a us state where hockey is popular.	colorado
name something a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car.	key it/scratch it
name something a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car.	flatten tires
name something a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car.	break windows
name something a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car.	throw something
name something a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car.	sugar in gas tank
name something a scorned woman might do to her ex-boyfriend's car.	dent it
name a body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time.	stomach
name a body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time.	arms
name a body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time.	legs
name a body part you might want to be muscular for the summer time.	chest
name something people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed.	cook
name something people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed.	shop
name something people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed.	clean
name something people offer to do for a friend who's laid up in bed.	childcare
name something a teenage boy might save his money to buy.	car
name something a teenage boy might save his money to buy.	video games
name something a teenage boy might save his money to buy.	bicycle
name something a teenage boy might save his money to buy.	concert tickets
name a place people keep a family photo.	wall
name a place people keep a family photo.	photo album
name a place people keep a family photo.	mantle
name a place people keep a family photo.	wallet
name a place people keep a family photo.	desk
name a brand of women's perfume.	chanel
name a brand of women's perfume.	estee lauder
name a brand of women's perfume.	calvin klein
name a brand of women's perfume.	avon
name a brand of women's perfume.	victoria's secret
name something people get dismissed from.	school/class
name something people get dismissed from.	job/work
name something people get dismissed from.	jury duty/court
name something people get dismissed from.	military/army
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	judge
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	teacher
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	umpire
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	police officer
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	banker
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	the clergy
name a job which requires extreme fairness at all times.	manager
name something you can overdo.	exercise
name something you can overdo.	eating
name something you can overdo.	working
name something you can overdo.	makeup
name something you can overdo.	cooking
name something you would not want to buy in front of your parents.	underwear
name something you would not want to buy in front of your parents.	alcohol
name something you would not want to buy in front of your parents.	the pill
name something you would not want to buy in front of your parents.	cigarettes
name something you wish people wouldn't borrow.	money
name something you wish people wouldn't borrow.	clothes
name something you wish people wouldn't borrow.	tools
name something you wish people wouldn't borrow.	car
name something you wish people wouldn't borrow.	food
name something a kid might practice kissing on.	pillows
name something a kid might practice kissing on.	hand
name something a kid might practice kissing on.	dolls
name something a kid might practice kissing on.	mirror
name something a kid might practice kissing on.	teddy bears
name something you can buy in monopoly.	boardwalk
name something you can buy in monopoly.	park place
name something you can buy in monopoly.	house
name something you can buy in monopoly.	hotel
name a specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast.	snake
name a specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast.	ostrich
name a specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast.	alligator
name a specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast.	pigeon
name a specific animal whose eggs you'd probably never eat for breakfast.	turtle
name something people go to the mountains to do.	hike
name something people go to the mountains to do.	ski
name something people go to the mountains to do.	camp
name something people go to the mountains to do.	enjoy the view
name something people go to the mountains to do.	escape
name something people go to the mountains to do.	hunt
name something you might find in a doctor's waiting room.	magazines
name something you might find in a doctor's waiting room.	patients
name something you might find in a doctor's waiting room.	chairs
name something you might find in a doctor's waiting room.	water cooler
name something you might find in a doctor's waiting room.	hand sanitizer
name something that might set off a metal detector in an airport.	keys
name something that might set off a metal detector in an airport.	belt buckle
name something that might set off a metal detector in an airport.	gun
name something that might set off a metal detector in an airport.	change
name something that might set off a metal detector in an airport.	knife
name something that might set off a metal detector in an airport.	watch
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it.	security alarm
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it.	club
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it.	dog
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it.	stereo
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about stealing it.	people
name a kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed.	dentist
name a kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed.	psychiatrist
name a kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed.	eye doctor
name a kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed.	podiatrist
name a kind of doctor you would be shocked if he asked you to get undressed.	pediatrician
name something that might motivate a man to lose weight.	dating
name something that might motivate a man to lose weight.	health problems
name something that might motivate a man to lose weight.	wife lost weight
name something that might motivate a man to lose weight.	break up
name something people have a hard time keeping.	money
name something people have a hard time keeping.	secret
name something people have a hard time keeping.	promise/vows
name something people have a hard time keeping.	appointment
name something people have a hard time keeping.	job
name something new you get, that takes time to get used to.	shoes
name something new you get, that takes time to get used to.	car
name something new you get, that takes time to get used to.	dog
name something new you get, that takes time to get used to.	eyeglasses
name something new you get, that takes time to get used to.	haircut
name something new you get, that takes time to get used to.	mattress
name something many dads teach their children how to do.	drive
name something many dads teach their children how to do.	ride a bike
name something many dads teach their children how to do.	fish
name something many dads teach their children how to do.	play sports
name something many dads teach their children how to do.	read
name something many dads teach their children how to do.	walk
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	bedpan
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	stethoscope
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	floor
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	operating room
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	food
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	nurse's hands
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	thermometer
name something in a hospital that's always cold:	bed
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	seated
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	sit
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	over
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	roll over
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	down
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	lay down
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	stay
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	beg
name a command people give their dogs that would make a real person very angry if you gave it to them.	fetch
name something about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of.	big belly
name something about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of.	beard
name something about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of.	gifts
name something about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of.	costume
name something about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of.	reindeer
name something about santa that kids wouldn't dare to make fun of.	wife
name an animal you might see on a christmas card.	doves
name an animal you might see on a christmas card.	reindeer
name an animal you might see on a christmas card.	cardinals
name an animal you might see on a christmas card.	robins
name an animal you might see on a christmas card.	partridges
name someone you love on american idol.	carrie underwood
name someone you love on american idol.	kelly clarkson
name someone you love on american idol.	chris daughtry
name someone you love on american idol.	simon cowell
name someone you love on american idol.	adam lambert
name someone you love on american idol.	jordin sparks
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	lawyer
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	teacher
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	politician
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	police officer
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	judge
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	actor
name an occupation in which you're either loved or hated.	athlete
name something specific kids take lessons for.	piano
name something specific kids take lessons for.	swimming
name something specific kids take lessons for.	singing
name something specific kids take lessons for.	guitar
name something specific kids take lessons for.	tennis
name something specific kids take lessons for.	dance
name something specific kids take lessons for.	music
name something that makes noise on the kitchen.	blender
name something that makes noise on the kitchen.	dishwasher
name something that makes noise on the kitchen.	microwave
name something that makes noise on the kitchen.	pots and pans
name something that makes noise on the kitchen.	refrigerator
name a root vegetable.	carrots
name a root vegetable.	potatoes
name a root vegetable.	beets
name a root vegetable.	radishes
name a root vegetable.	turnips
name a group with three initials that scare you.	kkk
name a group with three initials that scare you.	irs
name a group with three initials that scare you.	nra
name a group with three initials that scare you.	fbi
name something that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.	beer
name something that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.	medicine
name something that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.	coffee
name something that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.	betrayal
name something that leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.	bad relationship
name a country people go to ski	switzerland
name a country people go to ski	usa
name a country people go to ski	canada
name a country people go to ski	sweden
name a country people go to ski	russia
name something you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor.	arrival time
name something you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor.	if it is delayed
name something you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor.	departure time
name something you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor.	flight number
name something you can find out about a plane flight just by looking at an airport monitor.	gate
name a country that has a lot of castles.	france
name a country that has a lot of castles.	ireland
name a country that has a lot of castles.	germany
name a country that has a lot of castles.	england
name a country that has a lot of castles.	scotland
name something people ride that causes them to throw up.	roller coaster
name something people ride that causes them to throw up.	boat/ship
name something people ride that causes them to throw up.	car
name something people ride that causes them to throw up.	ferris wheel
name something that has wings.	bird
name something that has wings.	airplane
name something that has wings.	butterfly
name something that has wings.	angel
name something that has wings.	bat
name a place where you go about once a year, and dread it every time.	dentist
name a place where you go about once a year, and dread it every time.	doctor
name something teenagers can't live without.	cell phone
name something teenagers can't live without.	music
name something teenagers can't live without.	friends
name something teenagers can't live without.	computers
name something teenagers can't live without.	tv
name something vampires are afraid of.	daylight
name something vampires are afraid of.	crosses
name something vampires are afraid of.	garlic
name something vampires are afraid of.	wooden stakes
name something vampires are afraid of.	fire
name something vampires are afraid of.	holy water
name something vampires are afraid of.	silver
name someone famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test.	president bush
name someone famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test.	o.j. simpson
name someone famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test.	michael jackson
name someone famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test.	bill clinton
name someone famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test.	brad pitt
name someone famous to whom you'd love to give a lie detector test.	paris hilton
name an electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago.	computer
name an electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago.	microwave
name an electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago.	cd player
name an electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago.	mobile phone
name an electronic device people use today that they did not use twenty years ago.	dvd player
name someone in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach.	boss/coworker
name someone in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach.	mom/dad
name someone in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach.	ex
name someone in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach.	church leader
name someone in your life who you'd hate to run into at a nude beach.	teacher
name something you hope you have milk to go with.	cereal
name something you hope you have milk to go with.	cookies
name something you hope you have milk to go with.	cake
name something you hope you have milk to go with.	coffee
name something a woman keeps by her bed:	alarm
name something a woman keeps by her bed:	tissues
name something a woman keeps by her bed:	book
name something a woman keeps by her bed:	telephone
name something a woman keeps by her bed:	lamp
name something in your house that you need a professional to fix.	plumbing
name something in your house that you need a professional to fix.	air conditioner
name something in your house that you need a professional to fix.	electricity
name something in your house that you need a professional to fix.	the toilet
name something in your house that you need a professional to fix.	the roof
name something people worry they won't be able to pay for.	house
name something people worry they won't be able to pay for.	gas
name something people worry they won't be able to pay for.	college
name something people worry they won't be able to pay for.	meds.
name something people worry they won't be able to pay for.	food
name something people worry they won't be able to pay for.	credit card
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	socks
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	fruit cake
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	coal
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	underwear
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	sweater
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	vacuum
name something you would hate to get as a christmas gift.	appliances
name a place you might hide easter eggs.	in the grass
name a place you might hide easter eggs.	in the bushes
name a place you might hide easter eggs.	underneath furniture
name a place you might hide easter eggs.	in the trees
name something jennifer lopez does at least once a year.	marriage/new guy
name something jennifer lopez does at least once a year.	makes a movie
name something jennifer lopez does at least once a year.	looks hot
name something jennifer lopez does at least once a year.	make a video
name something jennifer lopez does at least once a year.	has a birthday
name something jennifer lopez does at least once a year.	makes an album
name a place where you'd see a lifeguard.	beach
name a place where you'd see a lifeguard.	pool
name an occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera.	family/holiday
name an occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera.	a wedding
name an occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera.	the office
name an occasion where you've encountered as much drama as in a soap opera.	high school
name a country that was involved in world war ii	germany
name a country that was involved in world war ii	usa
name something that parents help their children build.	block/lego tower
name something that parents help their children build.	sand castles
name something that parents help their children build.	tree house/fort
name something that parents help their children build.	snowmen
name a tropical fruit.	pineapples
name a tropical fruit.	mangos
name a tropical fruit.	coconut
name a tropical fruit.	kiwi
name a tropical fruit.	papaya
name a noise you hear first thing in the morning.	alarm clocks
name a noise you hear first thing in the morning.	birds chirping
name a noise you hear first thing in the morning.	rooster
name a noise you hear first thing in the morning.	baby crying
name a man who has inspired you.	father
name a man who has inspired you.	martin luther king jr
name a man who has inspired you.	barack obama
name a man who has inspired you.	john f kennedy
name something people find through the classified ads.	jobs
name something people find through the classified ads.	cars
name something people find through the classified ads.	housing/houses
name something people find through the classified ads.	dates/people
name a breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar.	chihauhua
name a breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar.	poodle
name a breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar.	dashound
name a breed of dog that would never scare away a burglar.	cocker spanial
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	bugs
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	bad service
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	awful food
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	hair
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	time
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	birthday
name a reason why a restaurant might not make a customer pay for his lunch.	sale
name a kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being.	dvla
name a kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being.	hospital
name a kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being.	work
name a kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being.	prison
name a kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being.	hmrc
name a kind of place where you're treated more like a number than like a human being.	restaurant
name a month with 31 days.	january
name a month with 31 days.	july
name a month with 31 days.	october
name a month with 31 days.	march
name a month with 31 days.	december
name a month with 31 days.	may
name a way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd.	i spy
name a way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd.	singing
name a way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd.	reading
name a way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd.	coloring
name a way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd.	radio
name a way kids used to amuse themselves on road trips before dvd.	license plate game
name someplace kids get nervous about going to.	dentist
name someplace kids get nervous about going to.	doctor
name someplace kids get nervous about going to.	school/principal
name someplace kids get nervous about going to.	haunted house
name a way people traveled before cars.	horseback
name a way people traveled before cars.	bicycle
name a way people traveled before cars.	trains
name a way people traveled before cars.	walking
name a fruit that's messy when you eat it.	watermelon
name a fruit that's messy when you eat it.	orange
name a fruit that's messy when you eat it.	peach
name a fruit that's messy when you eat it.	mango
name a fruit that's messy when you eat it.	plum
name a fruit that's messy when you eat it.	strawberry
name a place where you make sure to use your best manners.	restaurant
name a place where you make sure to use your best manners.	church
name a place where you make sure to use your best manners.	dinner table
name a place where you make sure to use your best manners.	someone's home
name a place where you make sure to use your best manners.	work
name a place where you make sure to use your best manners.	funeral
name something people do when they are nervous.	nail biting
name something people do when they are nervous.	sweat
name something people do when they are nervous.	shakes
name something people do when they are nervous.	eat
name something people do when they are nervous.	fidget
name something that you often see on a fireplace mantel:	pictures
name something that you often see on a fireplace mantel:	clock
name something that you often see on a fireplace mantel:	candles
name something that you often see on a fireplace mantel:	trophy
name something that you often see on a fireplace mantel:	vase
name something that you often see on a fireplace mantel:	matches
name a habit a person might go to a hypnotist to overcome.	smoking
name a habit a person might go to a hypnotist to overcome.	over eating
name a fruit used to make jelly.	grapes
name a fruit used to make jelly.	strawberry
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	car
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	house
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	ipad
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	furniture
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	boat
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	computer
name something new you just can't afford to buy right now.	big tv
name a sport that doesn't include a ball.	hockey
name a sport that doesn't include a ball.	swimming
name a sport that doesn't include a ball.	track
name a sport that doesn't include a ball.	wrestling
name a sport that doesn't include a ball.	boxing
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	presents
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	food
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	drinking
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	holidays
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	family
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	pudding
name one thing adults look forward to at christmas time.	turkey
name something you can do during a power outage.	sleep
name something you can do during a power outage.	play games
name something you can do during a power outage.	tell ghost stories
name something you can do during a power outage.	light candles
name something you can do during a power outage.	eat
name an athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better".	michael jordan
name an athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better".	tiger woods
name an athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better".	michael phelps
name an athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better".	lance armstrong
name an athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better".	shaquille o'neal
name an athlete who brings to mind the song "nobody does it better".	kobe bryant
name an animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet.	tiger
name an animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet.	lion
name an animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet.	bobcat
name an animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet.	jaguar
name an animal in the cat family that you would never keep as a pet.	leopard
name a place where you might hear music.	nightclub
name a place where you might hear music.	concert
name a place where you might hear music.	car
name a place where you might hear music.	bar
name a place where you might hear music.	shops
name something the invisible man might put on to become visible.	clothes
name something the invisible man might put on to become visible.	coat
name something the invisible man might put on to become visible.	hat
name something the invisible man might put on to become visible.	paint
name something the invisible man might put on to become visible.	glasses
name something the invisible man might put on to become visible.	makeup
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	food
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	cars
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	coca-cola
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	movies
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	money
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	jeans
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	wine
name something made in america that's loved by people worldwide.	television
name a place that is known for having great food.	italy
name a place that is known for having great food.	france
name a place that is known for having great food.	new york
name a place that is known for having great food.	red lobster
name a place that is known for having great food.	applebee's
name a place that is known for having great food.	olive garden
name a place that is known for having great food.	mcdonalds
name something you get too much of as a teenager.	homework
name something you get too much of as a teenager.	acne
name something you get too much of as a teenager.	sleep
name something you get too much of as a teenager.	advice
name something you get too much of as a teenager.	freedom
name something you get too much of as a teenager.	junk food
name something that is uncomfortable to sit on.	rock
name something that is uncomfortable to sit on.	saddle
name something that is uncomfortable to sit on.	church pew
name something that is uncomfortable to sit on.	steps
name a food item you peel.	orange
name a food item you peel.	banana
name a food item you peel.	potato
name a food item you peel.	apple
name a food item you peel.	onion
name a food that is often served with white wine.	fish
name a food that is often served with white wine.	chicken
name a food that is often served with white wine.	cheese
name a food that is often served with white wine.	steak
name a food that is often served with white wine.	pasta
name a food that is often served with white wine.	crackers
name something people do when they are annoyed.	yell
name something people do when they are annoyed.	roll their eyes
name something people do when they are annoyed.	sigh
name something people do when they are annoyed.	frown
name something people do when they are annoyed.	curse
name something people do when they are annoyed.	get mad
name something people do when they are annoyed.	walk away
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	yell
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	sleep
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	book a flight
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	eat
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	cry
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	call people
name something people do at the airport when they discover their flight's been cancelled.	find hotel
name a part of the body that you stretch.	legs
name a part of the body that you stretch.	arms
name a part of the body that you stretch.	back
name a part of the body that you stretch.	neck
name a part of the body that you stretch.	muscles
name an activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation.	surf
name an activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation.	luau
name an activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation.	scubadive
name an activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation.	swim
name an activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation.	snorkeling
name an activity people might do on a hawaiian vacation.	go to the beach
name something that always gets on your nerves.	rude people
name something that always gets on your nerves.	kids
name something that always gets on your nerves.	crying babies
name something that always gets on your nerves.	noise
name something that always gets on your nerves.	traffic
name a four-letter word that's something everyone wants.	love
name a four-letter word that's something everyone wants.	cash
name a four-letter word that's something everyone wants.	food
name a four-letter word that's something everyone wants.	gold
name a four-letter word that's something everyone wants.	hope
name a four-letter word that's something everyone wants.	luck
name a gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange.	underwear
name a gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange.	adult toy
name a gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange.	car
name a gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange.	jewelry
name a gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange.	clothes
name a gift that you'd never buy for your workplace secret santa exchange.	alcohol
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	black cat
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	under ladder
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	broken mirror
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	13/friday 13th
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	split in pole
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	step on cracks
name something superstitious people think is bad luck.	sweep over foot
name a drink that quenches your thirst.	water
name a drink that quenches your thirst.	gatorade
name a drink that quenches your thirst.	soft drink
name a drink that quenches your thirst.	lemonade
name a drink that quenches your thirst.	ice tea
name a drink that quenches your thirst.	orange juice
name something people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to.	smoke
name something people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to.	illegal turn
name something people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to.	litter
name something people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to.	walk on grass
name something people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to.	speed
name something people do even though there's a sign that tells them not to.	jaywalk
name an ivy league university.	yale
name an ivy league university.	harvard
name an ivy league university.	princeton
name an ivy league university.	brown
name an ivy league university.	pennsylvania
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	amusement park
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	ice cream parlor
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	swimming pool
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	boat rental
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	the beach
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	lifeguard
name a type of business that is dependent on good summer weather.	country club
name someone who cheers you up.	spouses
name someone who cheers you up.	mom
name someone who cheers you up.	children
name someone who cheers you up.	friend
name someone who cheers you up.	bestfriend
name something people try to get out ot.	jury duty
name something people try to get out ot.	work
name something people try to get out ot.	bills
name something people try to get out ot.	bad relationships
name something people try to get out ot.	traffic tickets
name something people try to get out ot.	debt
name an animal you wish didn't exist.	snakes
name an animal you wish didn't exist.	rats
name an animal you wish didn't exist.	cockroaches
name an animal you wish didn't exist.	mosquitoes
name an animal you wish didn't exist.	skunks
name an animal you wish didn't exist.	sharks
name something around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace.	toilet paper
name something around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace.	milk
name something around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace.	tissue
name something around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace.	toothpaste
name something around the house that your family members use the last of and don't replace.	soap
name an expensive foreign car.	ferrari
name an expensive foreign car.	porsche
name an expensive foreign car.	bmw
name an expensive foreign car.	mercedes
name an expensive foreign car.	audi
name an expensive foreign car.	peugeot
name an expensive foreign car.	lamborghini
name something a guy might ask a girl for at a singles bar.	phone number
name something a guy might ask a girl for at a singles bar.	date
name a magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of.	people
name a magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of.	vogue
name a magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of.	glamour
name a magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of.	playboy
name a magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of.	time
name a magazine that you wish your life was more like the pages of.	forbes
name something that might be described as big and burly.	muscle man
name something that might be described as big and burly.	bear
name something that might be described as big and burly.	beard
name something you might see in a bowling alley.	bowling balls
name something you might see in a bowling alley.	bowling pins
name something you might see in a bowling alley.	lanes
name something you might see in a bowling alley.	bowling shoes
name something specific that you file:	income tax papers
name something specific that you file:	nails
name something specific that you file:	bills
name something specific that you file:	receipts
name something specific that you file:	insurance papers
name something specific that you file:	letters
name something men worry about losing.	their hair
name something men worry about losing.	their money
name something men worry about losing.	their libido
name something men worry about losing.	a woman
name something men worry about losing.	their body
name something men worry about losing.	their job
name something about miss piggy that's different from most pigs.	talks
name something about miss piggy that's different from most pigs.	hair
name something about miss piggy that's different from most pigs.	wears clothes
name the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke.	mansion/property
name the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke.	their car/limo
name the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke.	their boat/yacht
name the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke.	jewelry/watch
name the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke.	their business
name the first thing a millionaire might sell if they went broke.	their stocks
name an animal some people look like when they're eating.	pig
name an animal some people look like when they're eating.	monkey
name an animal some people look like when they're eating.	dog
name an animal some people look like when they're eating.	cow
name an animal some people look like when they're eating.	goat
name a country that drinks a lot of wine.	italy
name a country that drinks a lot of wine.	france
name a country that drinks a lot of wine.	united states
name a country that drinks a lot of wine.	spain
name a country that drinks a lot of wine.	argentina
name an island nation.	australia
name an island nation.	new zealand
name an island nation.	fiji
name an island nation.	japan
name an island nation.	iceland
name something neighbors swap with each other.	tools
name something neighbors swap with each other.	recipes
name something neighbors swap with each other.	sugar
name something neighbors swap with each other.	lawn mower
name something neighbors swap with each other.	gossip/talk
name something neighbors swap with each other.	phone numbers
name something neighbors swap with each other.	food
name something that runs on a schedule.	train
name something that runs on a schedule.	bus
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	cleaning
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	homework
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	taking a bath
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	brush teeth
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	getting kissed
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	school
name something a 10 year old hates more than anything else.	sleeping
name something people take in.	animals
name something people take in.	air
name something people take in.	food
name something people take in.	people
name something people take in.	clothes
name an animal whose breath could knock you out.	dog
name an animal whose breath could knock you out.	camel
name an animal whose breath could knock you out.	horse
name an animal whose breath could knock you out.	cow
name an animal whose breath could knock you out.	pig
name an animal whose breath could knock you out.	llama
name something people put in brownies.	nuts
name something people put in brownies.	chocolate
name something people put in brownies.	eggs
name something people put in brownies.	sugar
name something people put in brownies.	sprinkles
name an occupation whose members make history.	politician
name an occupation whose members make history.	military
name an occupation whose members make history.	astronaut
name an occupation whose members make history.	sports
name an occupation whose members make history.	judge
name an occupation whose members make history.	actor
name an occupation in which you would go on duty.	police officer
name an occupation in which you would go on duty.	military
name an occupation in which you would go on duty.	nurse
name an occupation in which you would go on duty.	guard
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	get newspaper
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	take out trash
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	get mail
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	go to store
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	sleepwalk
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	sweep outside
name something people go outside to do in their pajamas.	stargaze
name something you might put on a salad.	salad dressing
name something you might put on a salad.	croutons
name something you might put on a salad.	tomatoes
name something you might put on a salad.	bacon bits
name something you might put on a salad.	cheese
name something that might cause a relationship to fail.	spouse cheating
name something that might cause a relationship to fail.	lying
name something that might cause a relationship to fail.	no communication
name something that might cause a relationship to fail.	finances
name something that might cause a relationship to fail.	jealousy
name something you would hate to receive as a christmas present.	socks
name something you would hate to receive as a christmas present.	fruit cake
name something you would hate to receive as a christmas present.	coal
name something you would hate to receive as a christmas present.	underwear
name something you would hate to receive as a christmas present.	sweater
name something you would hate to receive as a christmas present.	vacuum
name something imported from germany:	beer
name something imported from germany:	cars
name something imported from germany:	clocks
name something imported from germany:	chocolate
name something imported from germany:	hummel figures
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	doctor
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	cornoner
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	paramedic
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	nurse
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	firefighter
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	butcher
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	garbage collector
name an occupation that's not for the squeamish.	sewer cleaner
name a place that should never host the winter olympics.	florida
name a place that should never host the winter olympics.	hawaii
name a place that should never host the winter olympics.	jamaica
name a place that should never host the winter olympics.	california
name a place that should never host the winter olympics.	brazil
name a place that should never host the winter olympics.	russia
name something that beeps to alert you.	pager
name something that beeps to alert you.	alarm clock
name something that beeps to alert you.	smoke alarm
name something that beeps to alert you.	cell phone
name something that beeps to alert you.	timer
name something people buy tickets for.	concert
name something people buy tickets for.	sporting event
name something people buy tickets for.	theater
name something people buy tickets for.	movie
name something people buy tickets for.	airplane
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	b
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	t
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	i
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	u
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	g
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	p
name a letter of the alphabet, other than c, that sounds like a word:	y
name something a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date.	he's divorced
name something a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date.	he has kids
name something a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date.	lives with parents
name something a man might avoid revealing about himself while on a date.	he is married
name something people often forget to turn off.	lights
name something people often forget to turn off.	television
name something people often forget to turn off.	coffee maker
name something people often forget to turn off.	stove
name something you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly.	in laws
name something you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly.	ex-lovers
name something you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly.	police officer
name something you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly.	your parents
name something you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly.	the boss
name something you would not want showing up at your house unexpectedly.	bill collector
name something you would hate to happen at your wedding.	no show
name something you would hate to happen at your wedding.	fight
name something you would hate to happen at your wedding.	fall
name something you would hate to happen at your wedding.	rain
name something you would hate to happen at your wedding.	says no
name something you would hate to happen at your wedding.	an ex
name something in a house that might be made out of glass.	window
name something in a house that might be made out of glass.	vase
name something in a house that might be made out of glass.	table
name something in a house that might be made out of glass.	glasses
name something in a house that might be made out of glass.	mirror
name something in a house that might be made out of glass.	door
name something you might keep a secret stash of.	candy
name something you might keep a secret stash of.	money
name someone actors always thank in an award acceptance speech.	parents
name someone actors always thank in an award acceptance speech.	mate
name someone actors always thank in an award acceptance speech.	directors
name someone actors always thank in an award acceptance speech.	god
name someone actors always thank in an award acceptance speech.	producer
name someone actors always thank in an award acceptance speech.	family
name something a motorcycle cop needs.	helmet
name something a motorcycle cop needs.	motorcycle
name something a motorcycle cop needs.	pen
name something a motorcycle cop needs.	gun
name something a motorcycle cop needs.	sunglasses
name something that kids count in order to pass time on a car trip.	dictionary
name something that kids count in order to pass time on a car trip.	phonebook
name something that kids count in order to pass time on a car trip.	textbook
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	recorder
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	piano
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	flute
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	drums
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	trumpet
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	violin
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	guitar
name an instrument kids learn to play at school.	triangle
name something in your car you can control with a push of a button.	radio
name something in your car you can control with a push of a button.	windows
name something in your car you can control with a push of a button.	temperature
name something in your car you can control with a push of a button.	locks
name something in your car you can control with a push of a button.	horn
name something you wish you could bring to work.	pets
name something you wish you could bring to work.	kids
name something you wish you could bring to work.	tv
name something you wish you could bring to work.	bed
name something you wish you could bring to work.	pillows
name something you wish you could bring to work.	alcohol
name something a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him.	weapon
name something a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him.	car
name something a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him.	disguise/mask
name something a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him.	money/loot
name something a criminal would ditch if the feds were after him.	accomplice
name a tattoo that too many people have.	butterfly
name a tattoo that too many people have.	heart
name a tattoo that too many people have.	flower
name a tattoo that too many people have.	skull
name a tattoo that too many people have.	cross
name something a child might make for their mom.	card
name something a child might make for their mom.	pictures
name something a child might make for their mom.	breakfast
name something a child might make for their mom.	macaroni art
name a city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in.	new york city
name a city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in.	detroit
name a city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in.	chicago
name a city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in.	new orleans
name a city you would be afraid to go trick or treating in.	salem
name a place where you might see a clown	circus
name a place where you might see a clown	fair
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	pollution
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	people
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	cars
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	politicians
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	mosquitoes
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	crime
name something the planet earth would be better off with less of.	hatred
name something you might find in a tree.	bird
name something you might find in a tree.	fruit
name something you might find in a tree.	leaves
name something you might find in a tree.	cat
name something you might find in a tree.	nest
name something you might find in a tree.	branches
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	jessica simpson
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	jessica lange
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	jessica savitch
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	s. jessica parker
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	jessica alba
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	jessica lynch
name someone famous with "jessica" in their name.	jessica biel
name something you reach for when the toilet overflows.	plunger
name something you reach for when the toilet overflows.	towel
name something you reach for when the toilet overflows.	mop
name something you reach for when the toilet overflows.	plug
name something you reach for when the toilet overflows.	door
name something a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job.	age
name something a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job.	experience
name something a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job.	skills
name something a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job.	marriage status
name something a woman might lie about while being interviewed for a job.	education
name a kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly.	doctor
name a kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly.	work
name a kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly.	school
name a kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly.	church
name a kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly.	airport
name a kind of place where time seems to pass very slowly.	traffic
name something a man might get his tie caught in.	door
name something a man might get his tie caught in.	zipper
name something a man might get his tie caught in.	paper shredder
name something a man might get his tie caught in.	window
name something a man might get his tie caught in.	drawer
name something people do to pass the time while cooking.	watch tv
name something people do to pass the time while cooking.	read
name something people do to pass the time while cooking.	radio
name something people do to pass the time while cooking.	sing
name something people do to pass the time while cooking.	talk on phone
name something that could go wrong at a dog park.	dogs fight
name something that could go wrong at a dog park.	dogs get loose
name something that could go wrong at a dog park.	cat shows up
name something that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year.	gasoline
name something that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year.	food
name something that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year.	everything
name something that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year.	cars
name something that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year.	rent
name something that's a lot more expensive this year than it was last year.	clothes
name someone people especially enjoy winning an argument with.	spouse/mate
name someone people especially enjoy winning an argument with.	parents
name someone people especially enjoy winning an argument with.	siblings
name someone people especially enjoy winning an argument with.	lawyers
name someone people especially enjoy winning an argument with.	kids
name a device used for cutting.	knife
name a device used for cutting.	scissors
name a device used for cutting.	saw
name a device used for cutting.	axe
name something people do to their dogs.	walk them
name something people do to their dogs.	feed them
name something people do to their dogs.	pet them
name something people do to their dogs.	trim
name something people do to their dogs.	bathe them
name something people do to their dogs.	train
name something men enjoy shopping for.	tools
name something men enjoy shopping for.	cars
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	kathie lee
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	himself
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	age
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	sports
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	money
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	food
name something regis philbin talks about that makes kelly ripa's eyes glaze over.	wife
name a way a rich person might lose all his money.	gamble
name a way a rich person might lose all his money.	stock market
name a way a rich person might lose all his money.	bad investment
name a way a rich person might lose all his money.	bankruptcy
name a way a rich person might lose all his money.	put in an ira
name a way a rich person might lose all his money.	invest in microsoft
name something every student knows how to cook.	eggs
name something every student knows how to cook.	mac and cheese
name something every student knows how to cook.	ramen
name something every student knows how to cook.	hot dog
name something every student knows how to cook.	grilled cheese
name a food that turns brown when it is not fresh.	banana
name a food that turns brown when it is not fresh.	apple
name a food that turns brown when it is not fresh.	lettuce
name a food that turns brown when it is not fresh.	ground beef
name a food that turns brown when it is not fresh.	avocado
name a food that turns brown when it is not fresh.	strawberries
name something you might catch in a net.	fish
name something you might catch in a net.	butterflies
name something you might catch in a net.	crabs
name something you might catch in a net.	balls
name a job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you.	doctor
name a job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you.	construction
name a job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you.	nurse
name a job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you.	police officer
name a job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you.	athlete
name a job that, for one reason or another, would be too hard for you.	teacher
name someone a man relies on for advice.	wife
name someone a man relies on for advice.	soul mate
name someone a man relies on for advice.	matriarch
name someone a man relies on for advice.	lover
name someone a man relies on for advice.	housewife
name someone a man relies on for advice.	girlfriend
name someone a man relies on for advice.	companion
name someone a man relies on for advice.	spouse
name someone a man relies on for advice.	chum
name someone a man relies on for advice.	best friend
name someone a man relies on for advice.	buddy
name someone a man relies on for advice.	friend
name someone a man relies on for advice.	pal
name someone a man relies on for advice.	comrade
name someone a man relies on for advice.	amigo
name someone a man relies on for advice.	mum
name someone a man relies on for advice.	mother
name someone a man relies on for advice.	mama
name someone a man relies on for advice.	father
name someone a man relies on for advice.	papa
name someone a man relies on for advice.	dad
name someone a man relies on for advice.	pop
name someone a man relies on for advice.	vicar
name someone a man relies on for advice.	reverend
name someone a man relies on for advice.	priest
name someone a man relies on for advice.	parson
name someone a man relies on for advice.	bishop
name someone a man relies on for advice.	clergy
name someone a man relies on for advice.	minister
name someone a man relies on for advice.	pastor
name someone a man relies on for advice.	shrink
name someone a man relies on for advice.	therapist
name someone a man relies on for advice.	psychiatrist
name someone a man relies on for advice.	analyst
name someone a man relies on for advice.	alienist
name a place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke.	place of worship
name a place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke.	funeral
name a place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke.	work
name a place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke.	wedding
name a place where it would be inappropriate to tell a dirty joke.	dinner
name something you wish you had bought stock in.	microsoft
name something you wish you had bought stock in.	google
name something you wish you had bought stock in.	oil
name something you wish you had bought stock in.	walmart
name something you wish you had bought stock in.	apple
name something you wish you had bought stock in.	ebay
name something you might see in a children's playground.	swing set
name something you might see in a children's playground.	slide
name something you might see in a children's playground.	children
name something you might see in a children's playground.	monkey bars
name something you might see in a children's playground.	merry go round
name something you might see in a children's playground.	sandbox
name something the whole family does together.	eat
name something the whole family does together.	vacation/travel
name something the whole family does together.	church/pray
name something the whole family does together.	play games
name one of the disadvantages of driving an suv.	gas guzzler
name one of the disadvantages of driving an suv.	overturn easily
name one of the disadvantages of driving an suv.	hard to park
name one of the disadvantages of driving an suv.	too big
name one of the disadvantages of driving an suv.	blind spots
name something people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly.	smoking
name something people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly.	drinking
name something people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly.	taking drugs
name something people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly.	eating wrong foods
name something people say they have 'given up' that they still do secretly.	watching television
name something that falls from the sky.	rain
name something that falls from the sky.	snow
name something that falls from the sky.	stars
name something that falls from the sky.	meteors
name something that has a face.	clock/watch
name something that has a face.	person
name something that has a face.	animal
name something that has a face.	mask
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	car
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	stereo
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	tools
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	computer
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	tv
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	vcr
name something a man owns that he hates other people to play with:	shotgun
name a perfomer or group whose music spans generations.	cables
name a perfomer or group whose music spans generations.	shoes
name a perfomer or group whose music spans generations.	carpet
name a perfomer or group whose music spans generations.	toys
name a perfomer or group whose music spans generations.	pets
name a perfomer or group whose music spans generations.	stairs
name something michael jordan is famous for endorsing.	shoes
name something michael jordan is famous for endorsing.	phone companies
name something michael jordan is famous for endorsing.	underwear
name something michael jordan is famous for endorsing.	hot dogs
name something michael jordan is famous for endorsing.	sports drinks
name the number one state people want to live in.	california
name the number one state people want to live in.	florida
name the number one state people want to live in.	new york
name the number one state people want to live in.	hawaii
name the number one state people want to live in.	washington
name the number one state people want to live in.	pennsylvania
name the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job.	goodbye
name the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job.	i quit
name the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job.	i hate you
name the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job.	thank you
name the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job.	good luck
name the last thing you would say to your boss if you quit your job.	shove it
name something in your house that's extra dirty after a big party.	floor
name something in your house that's extra dirty after a big party.	bathroom
name something in your house that's extra dirty after a big party.	table
name something in your house that's extra dirty after a big party.	ashtrays
name something in your house that's extra dirty after a big party.	couch
name something in your house that's extra dirty after a big party.	kitchen
name something for which you've gotten a traffic ticket.	speeding
name something for which you've gotten a traffic ticket.	illegal parking
name something for which you've gotten a traffic ticket.	running red lights
name something for which you've gotten a traffic ticket.	running stop signs
name something for which you've gotten a traffic ticket.	illegal turn
name something people hold on tight to.	money
name something people hold on tight to.	love
name something people hold on tight to.	roller coaster
name something people hold on tight to.	someone's hand
name something people hold on tight to.	life
name something people hold on tight to.	memories
name something people hold on tight to.	dreams
name something people hold on tight to.	handles
name something on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair.	muffler
name something on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair.	engine
name something on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair.	brakes
name something on a car that makes a lot of noise when it's in need of repair.	tires
name something a doctor might give you that you don't really want.	shot
name something a doctor might give you that you don't really want.	exam
name something a doctor might give you that you don't really want.	news
name something a doctor might give you that you don't really want.	advice
name something a doctor might give you that you don't really want.	bill
name something a police officer might be embarrassed to say he or she doesn't know how to do.	shoot a gun
name something a police officer might be embarrassed to say he or she doesn't know how to do.	write a ticket
name something no fairy tale would be complete without.	happy ending
name something no fairy tale would be complete without.	prince
name something no fairy tale would be complete without.	witch
name something no fairy tale would be complete without.	princess
name something no fairy tale would be complete without.	fairy godmother
name something that has a horn.	car
name something that has a horn.	unicorn
name something that has a horn.	rhino
name something that has a horn.	bull
name something that has a horn.	deer
name something that has a horn.	goat
name something that has a horn.	bicycle
name something that has a horn.	ship
name something you would hate to happen at a bbq.	rain
name something you would hate to happen at a bbq.	burn food
name something you would hate to happen at a bbq.	catch fire
name something you would hate to happen at a bbq.	not enough food
name something people might regret doing to their body.	get a tattoo
name something people might regret doing to their body.	piercing
name something people might regret doing to their body.	plastic surgery
name something people might regret doing to their body.	smoking
name something people might regret doing to their body.	sunbathing
name something that kids skip.	skip school/class
name something that kids skip.	skip meal/eating
name something that kids skip.	skip rope
name something that kids skip.	...brushing teeth
name something that kids skip.	skip homework
name something that kids skip.	skip a grade
name someone in your life you've had to prove yourself to.	mother
name someone in your life you've had to prove yourself to.	myself
name someone in your life you've had to prove yourself to.	boss
name someone in your life you've had to prove yourself to.	spouse
name someone in your life you've had to prove yourself to.	friend
name someone in your life you've had to prove yourself to.	teacher
name something men will actually take the time to clean.	car
name something men will actually take the time to clean.	themselves
name something men will actually take the time to clean.	hair
name something men will actually take the time to clean.	teeth
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it.	alarm
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it.	club
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it.	dog
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it.	stereo
name something a car thief might see inside a car that might make him think twice about steaking it.	people
name a kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row.	movies
name a kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row.	theater
name a kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row.	concert
name a kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row.	church
name a kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row.	boxing
name a kind of place where you wouldn't want to sit in the front row.	roller coaster
name a sport that does not contain the word "ball".	hockey
name a sport that does not contain the word "ball".	soccer
name a sport that does not contain the word "ball".	golf
name a sport that does not contain the word "ball".	tennis
name a sport that does not contain the word "ball".	swimming
name something in the kitchen that makes noise.	blender
name something in the kitchen that makes noise.	dishwasher
name something in the kitchen that makes noise.	microwave
name something in the kitchen that makes noise.	pots and pans
name something in the kitchen that makes noise.	refrigerator
name something you do just before a visit to the dentist.	brush
name something you do just before a visit to the dentist.	floss
name something you do just before a visit to the dentist.	gargle
name something you do just before a visit to the dentist.	mint
name something you do just before a visit to the dentist.	sweat
name something a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken.	mop
name something a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken.	vacuum cleaner
name something a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken.	stick
name something a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken.	bicycle
name something a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken.	motorcycle
name something a witch would have to ride if her broom was broken.	car
name someone famous who you think should not be.	kim kardashian
name someone famous who you think should not be.	paris hilton
name someone famous who you think should not be.	miley cyrus
name someone famous who you think should not be.	justin beiber
name someone famous who you think should not be.	barack obama
name an ugly dog breed.	pug
name an ugly dog breed.	chinese crested
name an ugly dog breed.	bulldog
name an ugly dog breed.	pit bull
name an ugly dog breed.	poodle
name an ugly dog breed.	boxer
name a celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone.	james earl jones
name a celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone.	morgan freeman
name a celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone.	arnold schwartzenager
name a celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone.	samuel l. jackson
name a celebrity who you recognize by their voice alone.	tom hanks
name an improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes.	church/temple
name an improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes.	funeral
name an improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes.	job/interview
name an improper place where you found yourself cracking jokes.	court/jury duty
name a type of tree that grows very tall.	redwood
name a type of tree that grows very tall.	oak
name a type of tree that grows very tall.	pine
name a type of tree that grows very tall.	palm
name a type of tree that grows very tall.	elm
name a type of tree that grows very tall.	cypress
name a reason you might paint your face.	halloween costume
name a reason you might paint your face.	sports
name a reason you might paint your face.	party
name a reason you might paint your face.	you're a clown
name a reason you might paint your face.	carnival
name a household supply that you never want to run out of.	toilet paper
name a household supply that you never want to run out of.	soap
name a household supply that you never want to run out of.	laundry detergent
name a household supply that you never want to run out of.	household cleaner
name a household supply that you never want to run out of.	dish soap
name something that a magician might try to escape from.	locked box
name something that a magician might try to escape from.	chains/handcuffs
name something that a magician might try to escape from.	water tank
name something that a magician might try to escape from.	straight jacket
name something that a magician might try to escape from.	cage/cell
name a famous character who wore a mask.	zorro
name a famous character who wore a mask.	lone ranger
name a famous character who wore a mask.	ranger
name a famous character who wore a mask.	wayne
name a famous character who wore a mask.	dark knight
name a famous character who wore a mask.	caped crusader
name a famous character who wore a mask.	bruce wayne
name a famous character who wore a mask.	batman
name a famous character who wore a mask.	of the opera
name a famous character who wore a mask.	opera
name a famous character who wore a mask.	phantom of the opera
name a famous character who wore a mask.	the opera
name something you might find right next to the bathtub.	soap
name something you might find right next to the bathtub.	toilet
name something you might find right next to the bathtub.	mat
name something you might find right next to the bathtub.	towel
name something you might find right next to the bathtub.	towel rack
name something you might find right next to the bathtub.	sink
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	pens/pencils
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	paper
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	stapler
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	paper clips
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	computer
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	tape
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	post-its
name something people often steal from the office to use at home.	toilet paper
name something adults take lessons in.	dancing
name something adults take lessons in.	computers
name something adults take lessons in.	music/instrument
name something adults take lessons in.	parenting
name something adults take lessons in.	exercise/swimming
name something adults take lessons in.	swimming
name something that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather.	coat
name something that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather.	hat
name something that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather.	gloves
name something that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather.	boots
name something that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather.	scarves
name something that parents would ask their kids to wear in cold weather.	sweater
name an action movie star with a foreign accent.	schwarzenegger
name an action movie star with a foreign accent.	antonio banderas
name an action movie star with a foreign accent.	jackie chan
name an action movie star with a foreign accent.	sean connery
name an action movie star with a foreign accent.	jean-c. van damme
name an action movie star with a foreign accent.	russell crowe
name something your doctor might tell you to do.	lose weight
name something your doctor might tell you to do.	exercise
name something your doctor might tell you to do.	rest
name something your doctor might tell you to do.	take medicine
name something your doctor might tell you to do.	go on a diet
name something you might find in a park.	playgrounds
name something you might find in a park.	park benches
name something you might find in a park.	trees
name something you might find in a park.	other people
name something you might find in a park.	birds
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	wallet/money
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	keys
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	wedding ring
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	hair
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	sex drive
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	job
name something a man might lose that would cause him to freak out.	wife/woman
name something people tune into the super bowl to watch.	commercials
name something people tune into the super bowl to watch.	half time show
name something people tune into the super bowl to watch.	football game
name something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	turns her head
name something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	pretends sick
name something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	moves away
name something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	onions
name something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	offers her hand
other than drink coffee, what do people do while at a cafe	talk
other than drink coffee, what do people do while at a cafe	read
other than drink coffee, what do people do while at a cafe	eat
other than drink coffee, what do people do while at a cafe	use computer
other than drink coffee, what do people do while at a cafe	smoke
other than acting name a profession that celebrity actors might take up	singing
other than acting name a profession that celebrity actors might take up	directing
other than acting name a profession that celebrity actors might take up	modeling
other than acting name a profession that celebrity actors might take up	fashion design
other than acting name a profession that celebrity actors might take up	politics
other than acting name a profession that celebrity actors might take up	spokeperson
other than himself, name something a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house").	car
other than himself, name something a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house").	bathroom
other than himself, name something a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house").	kitchen
other than himself, name something a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house").	bedroom
other than himself, name something a man cleans before a big date (more specific than "house").	clothes
other than movie tickets name something a crowded movie theatre might run out of	popcorn
other than movie tickets name something a crowded movie theatre might run out of	space
other than movie tickets name something a crowded movie theatre might run out of	candy
on a resume what might a person claim they can do quickly	type
on a resume what might a person claim they can do quickly	learn
on a resume what might a person claim they can do quickly	finish tasks
other than nice houses, name a sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood.	nice cars
other than nice houses, name a sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood.	manicured lawns
other than nice houses, name a sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood.	clean streets
other than nice houses, name a sign that you're in a well-to-do neighborhood.	pools
other than a canvas, name something that you put paint on.	wall
other than a canvas, name something that you put paint on.	house/building
other than a canvas, name something that you put paint on.	a face
other than a canvas, name something that you put paint on.	porch/fence
other than a canvas, name something that you put paint on.	nails
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	france
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	canada
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	japan
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	england
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	china
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	india
other than the u.s., what country is known for making films?	italy
other than gambling what do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around	cocktails
other than gambling what do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around	food
other than gambling what do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around	bright lights
other than gambling what do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around	beautiful women
other than gambling what do casinos have inside to get customers to stick around	entertainment
on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work?	7
on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work?	8
on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work?	10
on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work?	9
on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work?	5
on a scale from 1-10, how bad does your headache have to be before you call in sick to work?	6
other than darling, give me a term of endearment.	honey
other than darling, give me a term of endearment.	sweetheart
other than darling, give me a term of endearment.	sweetie
other than darling, give me a term of endearment.	love
other than darling, give me a term of endearment.	dear
other than darling, give me a term of endearment.	baby
on any given day what's the most expensive thing you wear?	jewelry
on any given day what's the most expensive thing you wear?	clothes/shoes
past or present, name a famous magician	harry houdini
past or present, name a famous magician	david copperfield
past or present, name a famous magician	merlin
past or present, name a famous magician	david blane
past or presentname a presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on	the clintons
past or presentname a presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on	the obamas
past or presentname a presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on	bush jr. and laura
past or presentname a presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on	the reagans
past or presentname a presidential couple whose dinner conversations youd love to eavesdrop on	the kennedys
past or present, name a tv judge.	judge judy
past or present, name a tv judge.	judge mathis
past or present, name a tv judge.	judge wapner
past or present, name a tv judge.	judge joe brown
past or present, name a famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career.	pamela anderson
past or present, name a famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career.	jessica simpson
past or present, name a famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career.	marilyn monroe
past or present, name a famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career.	suzanne somers
past or present, name a famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career.	goldie hawn
past or present, name a famous dumb blonde who's very smart with her career.	britney spears
past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"?	michael jordan
past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"?	muhammad ali
past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"?	lance armstrong
past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"?	babe ruth
past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"?	jim thorpe
past or present, who deserves the title "world's greatest athlete"?	jesse owens
past or present, name a famous olympic sprinter.	florence joyner
past or present, name a famous olympic sprinter.	mickie joyner kersee
past or present, name a famous olympic sprinter.	bruce jenner
past or present, name a famous olympic sprinter.	michael johnson
real or fictional name a famous cowboy	john wayne
real or fictional name a famous cowboy	roy rogers
real or fictional name a famous cowboy	billy the kid
real or fictional name a famous cowboy	lone ranger
real or fictional name a famous cowboy	woody
real or fictional, name a famous outlaw	jesse james
real or fictional, name a famous outlaw	billy the kid
real or fictional, name a famous outlaw	jesse wales
real or fictional, name a famous outlaw	bonnie/clyde
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	paul simon
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	simon cowell
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	"simple simon"
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	"simon says"
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	...peter apostle
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	simon legree
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	simon "chipmunk"
real or fictional, name someone with "simon" in their name.	neil simon
something people stand in front of a mirror to practice.	speech/talking
something people stand in front of a mirror to practice.	dancing
something people stand in front of a mirror to practice.	smiling
something people stand in front of a mirror to practice.	singing
some people are called "horse faced". name another animal people look like.	dogs
some people are called "horse faced". name another animal people look like.	pigs
some people are called "horse faced". name another animal people look like.	monkeys
some people are called "horse faced". name another animal people look like.	donkeys
some people are called "horse faced". name another animal people look like.	cows
something that requires almost constant maintenance.	car
something that requires almost constant maintenance.	home/building
something that requires almost constant maintenance.	yard/lawn
something that requires almost constant maintenance.	hair
something that requires almost constant maintenance.	pets
something that requires almost constant maintenance.	children/babies
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	oil/gas
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	flu shot/vaccine
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	money
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	jobs
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	food
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	water
something you hear on the news that there's a shortage of.	blood
something people deliver for a living.	newspapers
something people deliver for a living.	mail
something people deliver for a living.	pizza
something people deliver for a living.	flowers
something people deliver for a living.	packages
something people deliver for a living.	furniture
something people deliver for a living.	babies
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	jacket
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	jeans
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	t-shirt
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	hat
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	earrings
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	pants
tell me an article of clothing worm by both men and women	belts
tell me how you know that your friend is on a diet.	eating less
tell me how you know that your friend is on a diet.	losing weight
tell me how you know that your friend is on a diet.	eating healthy
tell me how you know that your friend is on a diet.	cranky
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	70
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	75
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	72
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	100
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	68
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	65
tell me the average temperature in fahrenheit at which people set their thermostat.(numeric only)	60
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	insomnia
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	working
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	sick
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	new baby
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	studying
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	nightmare
tell me a reason why a person might be awake at 3am.	use bathroom
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	work
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	church
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	school
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	car
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	movies
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	airplane
tell me a place you would dread being when your laxative kicks in	pool
tell me a symbol used to represent love	heart
tell me a symbol used to represent love	cupid
tell me a symbol used to represent love	kiss
tell me a symbol used to represent love	ring
tell me a symbol used to represent love	rose
tell me a place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop	bedroom doors
tell me a place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop	medicine cabinet
tell me a place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop	fridge/pantry
tell me a place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop	closets
tell me a place in the house where a nosey house guest might snoop	basement
tell me a noise that birds make	chirp/cheep
tell me a noise that birds make	tweet
tell me a noise that birds make	caw caw
tell me a noise that birds make	squawk
tell me a noise that birds make	cluck
tell me something you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast.	eggs
tell me something you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast.	cereal
tell me something you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast.	muffins
tell me something you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast.	coffee
tell me something you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast.	bagels
tell me something you're likely to find at a hotel continental breakfast.	toast
tell me a food that goes great with beer	pizza
tell me a food that goes great with beer	nuts
tell me a food that goes great with beer	pretzels
tell me a food that goes great with beer	chips
tell me a food that goes great with beer	chicken wings
tell me something you watch for out of your plane window	clouds
tell me something you watch for out of your plane window	lightning
tell me something you watch for out of your plane window	bodies of water
tell me something you watch for out of your plane window	other planes
tell me something you watch for out of your plane window	houses
tell me something you watch for out of your plane window	birds
tell me the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating. (numaric only)	16
tell me the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating. (numaric only)	17
tell me the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating. (numaric only)	18
tell me the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating. (numaric only)	14
tell me the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating. (numaric only)	15
tell me the age when a girl should be allowed to start dating. (numaric only)	13
tell me a reason you like to shop on line	easy
tell me a reason you like to shop on line	cheaper
tell me a reason you like to shop on line	no lines
tell me a reason you like to shop on line	faster
tell me a reason you like to shop on line	stay at home
tell me a critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks?	squirrel
tell me a critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks?	ants/bugs
tell me a critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks?	worms
tell me a critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks?	rat/mouse
tell me a critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks?	rabbit
tell me a critter you'd only eat if you were stranded in the woods for weeks?	raccoon
tell me something that responsible adults do on a regular basis	work
tell me something that responsible adults do on a regular basis	pay bills
tell me something that responsible adults do on a regular basis	cook
tell me something that responsible adults do on a regular basis	clean/laundry
tell me something that responsible adults do on a regular basis	doctor/dentist
tell me something that responsible adults do on a regular basis	oil change
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	talking
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	no tip
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	giving orders
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	eating
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	drunk/sick
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	kissing
tell me something a cab driver gets sick of his passengers doing.	leaving things
tell me how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines. (numeric only)	10
tell me how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines. (numeric only)	15
tell me how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines. (numeric only)	12
tell me how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines. (numeric only)	8
tell me how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines. (numeric only)	9
tell me how many items they allow in most supermarket express lines. (numeric only)	7
tell me an important document you'd hate to lose in a fire.	birth certificate
tell me an important document you'd hate to lose in a fire.	car title
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair.	40
tell me the age a man might start losing his hair.	30
tell me something a person could have that makes you not want to kiss them.	bad breath
tell me something a person could have that makes you not want to kiss them.	send us your answers!
tell me something that kids hate to have taken away from them. be specific.	toy
tell me something that kids hate to have taken away from them. be specific.	tv
tell me something that kids hate to have taken away from them. be specific.	cell phone
tell me something that kids hate to have taken away from them. be specific.	candy
tell me something that kids hate to have taken away from them. be specific.	video games
tell me something that kids hate to have taken away from them. be specific.	computer
tell me something you should never do in a crowded movie theater.	talk
tell me something you should never do in a crowded movie theater.	fart
tell me something you should never do in a crowded movie theater.	yell "fire"
tell me something you should never do in a crowded movie theater.	talk on the phone
tell me something you should never do in a crowded movie theater.	make out
tell me something a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep.	drink coffee
tell me something a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep.	eat food
tell me something a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep.	watch tv
tell me something a person might do before bed that makes it hard to sleep.	exercise
tell me a phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door.	"who is it?"
tell me a phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door.	"come in"
tell me a phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door.	"i'm coming"
tell me a phrase people yell out when somebody knocks on the door.	"just a minute"
tell me something you see on daytime tv.	news
tell me something you see on daytime tv.	oprah winfrey
tell me something you see on daytime tv.	ellen degeneres
tell me something you see on daytime tv.	soap operas
tell me something you see on daytime tv.	talk shows
tell me something you see on daytime tv.	steve harvey
tell me something about a duck.	quacks
tell me something about a duck.	swims
tell me something about a duck.	webbed feet
tell me something about a duck.	waddles
tell me something about a duck.	bill
tell me something about a duck.	feathers
tell me something most men think they can't live without.	sex/women
tell me something most men think they can't live without.	television/remote
tell me something most men think they can't live without.	money
tell me something most men think they can't live without.	car
tell me something most men think they can't live without.	sports
tell me something most men think they can't live without.	food
tell me someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific than "elders")	teacher
tell me someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific than "elders")	grandparent
tell me someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific than "elders")	police officer
tell me someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific than "elders")	themselves
tell me someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific than "elders")	parents
tell me someone who parents tell their kids to have respect for. (more specific than "elders")	clergy
tell me a modern convenience you could not live without.	cell phone
tell me a modern convenience you could not live without.	computer
tell me a modern convenience you could not live without.	refrigerator
tell me a modern convenience you could not live without.	electricity
tell me something you vote for.	the president
tell me something you vote for.	congress person
tell me something you vote for.	american idol
tell me something you vote for.	all-star team
tell me which one of yuor five senses you rely on the most.	sight
tell me which one of yuor five senses you rely on the most.	hearing
tell me which one of yuor five senses you rely on the most.	touch
tell me something a kid might lie about.	grades
tell me something a kid might lie about.	fighting
tell me something a kid might lie about.	brush teeth
tell me something a kid might lie about.	friends
tell me something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	family photos
tell me something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	pet
tell me something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	clothes
tell me something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	kids
tell me something you would take with you if you were forced to evacuate your home.	computers
tell me someplace where a fight might break out.	bar
tell me someplace where a fight might break out.	school yard
tell me someplace where a fight might break out.	hockey
tell me someplace where a fight might break out.	alley
tell me someplace where a fight might break out.	bus stop
tell me someplace where a fight might break out.	prison
tell me something that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair.	pie baking contest
tell me something that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair.	eating contest
tell me something that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair.	pigs
tell me something that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair.	art
tell me something that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair.	jam
tell me something that wins a blue ribbon at a state fair.	hog tying
tell me something you see strapped on a family's car when they're going on vacation.	luggage
tell me something you see strapped on a family's car when they're going on vacation.	bikes
tell me something you see strapped on a family's car when they're going on vacation.	tent
tell me something you get when you join the army.	uniform
tell me something you get when you join the army.	guns
tell me something you get when you join the army.	combat boots
tell me something you get when you join the army.	haircut
tell me something you get when you join the army.	dog tags
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	7
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	8
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	10
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	5
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	6
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	4
tell me the age when boys stop playing with stuffed animals (numeric only).	3
tell me something you would trade in for a better one if you could.	car
tell me something you would trade in for a better one if you could.	house
tell me something you would trade in for a better one if you could.	spouse
tell me something you would trade in for a better one if you could.	dog
tell me something you would trade in for a better one if you could.	children
tell something you know about romeo and juliet.	forbidden love
tell something you know about romeo and juliet.	they died
tell something you know about romeo and juliet.	they were young
tell something you know about romeo and juliet.	written by shakespeare
tell something you know about romeo and juliet.	its a tragedy
tell me a chore you refuse to do.	clean the bathroom
tell me a chore you refuse to do.	take out the trash
tell me a chore you refuse to do.	clean the windows
tell me a chore you refuse to do.	wash dishes
tell me a chore you refuse to do.	laundry
tell me a chore you refuse to do.	scrub floor
tell me something about cupid.	bow and arrow
tell me something about cupid.	love
tell me something about cupid.	little
tell me something about cupid.	fictitious
tell me something about cupid.	valentine's icon
tell me something you lose while doing laundry.	socks
tell me something you lose while doing laundry.	money
tell me something you lose while doing laundry.	jewelry
tell me something you lose while doing laundry.	underwear
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	house
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	missing person
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	job
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	pets
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	information
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	jewelry
tell me something you pay people to find for you.	cars
tell me something that's known as a bloodsucker.	leech
tell me something that's known as a bloodsucker.	mosquito
tell me something that's known as a bloodsucker.	vampire/dracula
tell me something that's known as a bloodsucker.	tick
tell me the worst thing people pawn when they need money.	jewelry
tell me the worst thing people pawn when they need money.	television
tell me the worst thing people pawn when they need money.	family heirlooms
tell me the worst thing people pawn when they need money.	wallet
tell me the worst thing people pawn when they need money.	cd player
tell me the worst thing people pawn when they need money.	guitar
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	sixteen
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	fifteen
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	thirteen
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	twelve
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	fourteen
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	seventeen
tell me the age when a person falls in love the first time.	six
tell me something that you'd never consider eating without salt.	french fries
tell me something that you'd never consider eating without salt.	popcorn
tell me something that you'd never consider eating without salt.	eggs
tell me something that you'd never consider eating without salt.	corn
tell me something that you'd never consider eating without salt.	meat
tell me something that you'd never consider eating without salt.	watermelon
tell me something people say they're on.	medication
tell me something people say they're on.	a diet
tell me something people say they're on.	cloud 9
tell me something people say they're on.	the top of the world
tell me something people say they're on.	television shows
tell me something you know about japan.	cars
tell me something you know about japan.	sushi
tell me something you know about japan.	crowded
tell me something you know about japan.	island chain
tell me a place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god.	hospital/doctor
tell me a place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god.	church
tell me a place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god.	airplane
tell me a place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god.	jail
tell me a place where you were so nervous, you made promises to god.	job/interview
tell me something you might do to avoid a bill collector.	do not answer phone
tell me something you might do to avoid a bill collector.	change number
tell me something you might do to avoid a bill collector.	pay bills
tell me something you might do to avoid a bill collector.	say you're someone else
tell me an animal that might ruin a farmer's crop.	rabbit
tell me an animal that might ruin a farmer's crop.	crows
tell me an animal that might ruin a farmer's crop.	deer
tell me an animal that might ruin a farmer's crop.	gophers
tell me an animal that might ruin a farmer's crop.	pigs
tell me something you might slide down.	slide/waterslide
tell me something you might slide down.	pole
tell me something you might slide down.	hill/slope
tell me something you might slide down.	banister/rail
tell me something you might slide down.	waterfall
tell me something you might slide down.	stairs
tell me something that kids brag about regarding their fathers.	big and strong
tell me something that kids brag about regarding their fathers.	cool job
tell me something that kids brag about regarding their fathers.	takes them places
tell me something that kids brag about regarding their fathers.	cool vehicle
tell me something all little kids hate.	vegetables
tell me something all little kids hate.	bed time/nap
tell me something all little kids hate.	school/homework
tell me something all little kids hate.	dentist/doctor/shots
tell me a type of business that usually has an atm inside.	banks
tell me a type of business that usually has an atm inside.	grocery store
tell me a type of business that usually has an atm inside.	gas station
tell me a type of business that usually has an atm inside.	convenient store
tell me a type of business that usually has an atm inside.	bars
tell me a type of business that usually has an atm inside.	casino
which traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture?	hamburger
which traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture?	fried chicken
which traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture?	pizza
which traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture?	hot dog
which traditional dish would you prepare for somebody learning about american culture?	apple pie
which piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries?	swings
which piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries?	jungle gym
which piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries?	slide
which piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries?	seesaw
which piece of playground equipment has probably resulted in the most injuries?	merry go round
what do you do when having a bad hair day?	wear a hat
what do you do when having a bad hair day?	tie it back
what do you do when having a bad hair day?	cry
what do you do when having a bad hair day?	get it wet
what do you do when having a bad hair day?	stay home
what do you do when having a bad hair day?	cut it
what did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument?	money
what did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument?	raising kids
what did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument?	romance/relationship
what did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument?	cars
what did 100 wives say their husbands "always think they're right about" in an argument?	sports
who or what might you give a nickname to?	pet
who or what might you give a nickname to?	friend
who or what might you give a nickname to?	child
who or what might you give a nickname to?	partner
who or what might you give a nickname to?	car
what might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust?	accident
what might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust?	speeding ticket
what might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust?	illegal activity
what might your teenager do while borrowing your car that would break your trust?	break curfew
what might you find in your food that belongs to the cook?	hair
what might you find in your food that belongs to the cook?	ring
what might you find in your food that belongs to the cook?	fingernail
what might you find in your food that belongs to the cook?	bandage
what might you find in your food that belongs to the cook?	tooth
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	tornado
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	hurricane
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	twister
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	thunder
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	cyclone
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	tsunami
which terms for weather phenomena could a roller coaster be named after	typhoon
what are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year?	walking
what are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year?	crawl
what are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year?	first word
what are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year?	first tooth
what are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year?	sitting up
what are some milestones that a baby reaches in their first year?	smiling
what item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays	sweater
what item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays	hat
what item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays	socks
what item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays	earrings
what item that you wear yearround gets exceptionally gaudy during the holidays	tie/scarf
what might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending	leave store
what might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending	carry no money
what might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending	cash not credit
what might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending	set a budget
what might a shopaholic do at the store to prevent overspending	use coupons
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	lei
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	sand
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	hawaiian shirt
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	seashell
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	grass skirt
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	pineapple
what souvenir would you bring back from hawaii	coconut
what would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother?	rich
what would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother?	fame
what would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother?	meet other stars
what would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother?	free movies
what would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother?	huge house
what would be the best thing about having an actress for a mother?	get roles
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	subway station
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	overpass
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	trains
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	buildings
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	billboards
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	bathrooms
what places are most likely to get tagged with graffiti	parks
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	jim carrey
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	mike myers
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	michael j fox
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	dan aykroyd
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	william shatner
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	john candy
who's an actor that hails from canada,eh?	donald sutherland
where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous	under kitchen sink
where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous	garage
where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous	medicine cabinet
where in your house might you find something labeled poisonous	laundry room
which sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume?	big bird
which sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume?	oscar the grouch
which sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume?	cookie monster
which sesame street character must get uncomfortable in their costume?	snuffy
what do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming?	santa claus
what do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming?	decorations
what do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming?	pine tree
what do you see in the mall that lets you know christmas is coming?	lights
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	american football
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	hockey
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	wrestling
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	baseball
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	basketball
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	skiing
which sports are you most likely to break an arm playing	rugby
without seeing them steal, name something that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting.	looking around
without seeing them steal, name something that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting.	big coat
without seeing them steal, name something that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting.	hands in pocket
without seeing them steal, name something that you'd see a person do to make you suspicious that they're shoplifting.	run
what happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it	tears in upholstery
what happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it	sags
what happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it	leg/arm breaks
what happens to a couch that lets you know its time to get rid of it	springs pop out
what might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick	family photo
what might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick	teddy bear
what might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick	blanket
what might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick	pillow
what might a child bring to summer camp in case they get homesick	cell phone
what might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance?	formal dress
what might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance?	high heels
what might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance?	makeup
what might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance?	coursage
what might a girl wear for the first time to her junior high dance?	bra
where do you hear christmas songs throughout december	store
where do you hear christmas songs throughout december	radio
where do you hear christmas songs throughout december	place of worship
where do you hear christmas songs throughout december	tv
where do you hear christmas songs throughout december	home
who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"?	telemarketer
who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"?	ex
who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"?	bill collecter
who was on the phone the last time you said, "don't call here anymore"?	wrong number
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	fence
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	dog
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	camera
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	trees
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	trespassing sign
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	bushes
what might you put in the yard if you had nosey neighbors	sprinkler
what might you do in your sleep that someone else would find cute	talk
what might you do in your sleep that someone else would find cute	snore
what might you do in your sleep that someone else would find cute	smile
what might you do in your sleep that someone else would find cute	drool
what might you do in your sleep that someone else would find cute	suck thumb
what might a flower gardener name his daughter?	rose
what might a flower gardener name his daughter?	daisy
what might a flower gardener name his daughter?	lily
what might a flower gardener name his daughter?	iris
what might a flower gardener name his daughter?	violet
which bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing someone	laziness
which bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing someone	lateness
which bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing someone	lying
which bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing someone	stealing
which bad work trait would be hard to detect while interviewing someone	poor attendance
what might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children?	pictures
what might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children?	animal characters
what might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children?	princess
what might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children?	once upon a time
what might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children?	pop up pages
what might you find inside a book that tells you it was meant for children?	small words
we asked women name something you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side	cry
we asked women name something you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side	open door
we asked women name something you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side	cuddle
we asked women name something you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side	play with kids
we asked women name something you like to see a man do because it expresses his gentle side	cook for me
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nickname?	snickers
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nickname?	butterfingers
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nickname?	chunky
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nickname?	mars
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nickname?	mounds
what brand of candy bar would make for an unflattering nickname?	hershey
what do you do when your stomach growls?	eat something
what do you do when your stomach growls?	drink water
what do you do when your stomach growls?	hold it
what do you do when your stomach growls?	laugh
which word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office?	cavity
which word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office?	drill
which word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office?	root canal
which word do you dread hearing at the dentist's office?	oops
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	age
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	weight
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	job
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	marital status
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	kids
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	religion
what do you find out about a person right away on an online dating site but much later if you meet in real life	income
what might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish?	burn it
what might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish?	sneeze
what might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish?	too much salt
what might a chef do while cooking, that would ruin the whole dish?	drop it
why might someone refuse to use a swimming pool?	dirty water
why might someone refuse to use a swimming pool?	can't swim
why might someone refuse to use a swimming pool?	cold
why might someone refuse to use a swimming pool?	kids in it
why might someone refuse to use a swimming pool?	clorine
why might someone refuse to use a swimming pool?	crowded
where do you need to be a member in order to enter?	gym
where do you need to be a member in order to enter?	country club
where do you need to be a member in order to enter?	golf course
where do you need to be a member in order to enter?	discount grocery
what do you do when someone tells a joke that's not actually funny?	smile
what do you do when someone tells a joke that's not actually funny?	fake laugh
what do you do when someone tells a joke that's not actually funny?	ignore it
what do you do when someone tells a joke that's not actually funny?	groan
what do people say at halloween that would be inappropriate to hear at christmas?	trick or treat
what do people say at halloween that would be inappropriate to hear at christmas?	boo
what do people say at halloween that would be inappropriate to hear at christmas?	happy halloween
what is the most used room in most homes?	bathroom
what is the most used room in most homes?	living room
what is the most used room in most homes?	kitchen
what is the most used room in most homes?	bed room
what is the most used room in most homes?	family room
we asked womenwhich accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often	shoes
we asked womenwhich accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often	shirt
we asked womenwhich accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often	jewelery
we asked womenwhich accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often	bra
we asked womenwhich accessory or piece of clothing do you buy most often	underware
what movie would you never watch alone?	exorcist
what movie would you never watch alone?	scream
what movie would you never watch alone?	psycho
what movie would you never watch alone?	halloween
what movie would you never watch alone?	the ring
what movie would you never watch alone?	friday the 13th
what movie would you never watch alone?	the shining
what might you do at a party that youd regret the next day	drink too much
what might you do at a party that youd regret the next day	kiss someone
what might you do at a party that youd regret the next day	dance all night
what might you do at a party that youd regret the next day	get naked
what might you do at a party that youd regret the next day	put foot in mouth
who in your life is most likely to brad about you?	parent
who in your life is most likely to brad about you?	partner
who in your life is most likely to brad about you?	kids
what animals might you see if you go on an african safari?	lion
what animals might you see if you go on an african safari?	elephant
what animals might you see if you go on an african safari?	giraffe
what animals might you see if you go on an african safari?	tiger
what animals might you see if you go on an african safari?	zebra
what animals might you see if you go on an african safari?	monkey
what is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping	snore
what is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping	talk
what is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping	snuggle
what is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping	watch tv
what is something your spouse does to prevent you from sleeping	toss and turn
what might a man have in his bedroom that tells you he's still re-living his high school days.	old posters
what might a man have in his bedroom that tells you he's still re-living his high school days.	trophies
what might a man have in his bedroom that tells you he's still re-living his high school days.	pictures
which of the seven dwarfs from snow white best describes your significant other?	sleepy
which of the seven dwarfs from snow white best describes your significant other?	grumpy
which of the seven dwarfs from snow white best describes your significant other?	dopey
we surveyed 100 married women...what do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand?	remote control
we surveyed 100 married women...what do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand?	alcohol
we surveyed 100 married women...what do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand?	cigarette/cigar
we surveyed 100 married women...what do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand?	tools
we surveyed 100 married women...what do you hate to see your husband holding in his hand?	bills
which television family would make the best neighbors?	cleavers
which television family would make the best neighbors?	huxtables
which television family would make the best neighbors?	waltons
which television family would make the best neighbors?	barones
which television family would make the best neighbors?	nelsons
which television family would make the best neighbors?	taylors
which television family would make the best neighbors?	brady bunch
which television family would make the best neighbors?	simpsons
what's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford?	car
what's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford?	clothes
what's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford?	telly
what's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford?	jewelry
what's the last thing you bought that you couldn't afford?	house
which u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	california
which u.s. state do you think has the most beautiful women?	florida
we surveyed 100 men...name something your wife might be desperate for.	car
we surveyed 100 men...name something your wife might be desperate for.	vacation
we surveyed 100 men...name something your wife might be desperate for.	new house
we surveyed 100 men...name something your wife might be desperate for.	money
we surveyed 100 men...name something your wife might be desperate for.	attention/love
when people drive with one hand on the steering wheel, name something they do with their other hand.	cell phone
when people drive with one hand on the steering wheel, name something they do with their other hand.	radio
which tool would you not want to be without when building a house?	hammer
which tool would you not want to be without when building a house?	saw
we surveyed 100 women...which occupation has the sexiest men?	construction
we surveyed 100 women...which occupation has the sexiest men?	firefighter
we surveyed 100 women...which occupation has the sexiest men?	police
we surveyed 100 women...which occupation has the sexiest men?	actor
we surveyed 100 women...which occupation has the sexiest men?	stripper
why might santa claus get pulled over if he took his sleigh on the freeway	speeding
why might santa claus get pulled over if he took his sleigh on the freeway	no lights
which places do politicians often say are "overcrowded"?	prisons
which places do politicians often say are "overcrowded"?	classrooms
which places do politicians often say are "overcrowded"?	hospitals/er
when you get to a party, name something you can't wait to do.	drink
when you get to a party, name something you can't wait to do.	dance
when you get to a party, name something you can't wait to do.	eat
when you get to a party, name something you can't wait to do.	socialize/mingle
when you get to a party, name something you can't wait to do.	leave
without seeing the cat, name a way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house.	cat hair
without seeing the cat, name a way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house.	litter box
without seeing the cat, name a way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house.	bad smell
without seeing the cat, name a way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house.	cat toys
without seeing the cat, name a way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house.	torn furniture
without seeing the cat, name a way you can tell a person owns a cat just by looking around their house.	cat food
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	cry
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	leave
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	look for a job
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	tell them off
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	clean out desk
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	hit him/revenge
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	ask/wonder why
what might you do right after your boss says, "you're fired"?	say "i quit"
what is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight?	drinking alcohol
what is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight?	sleeping
what is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight?	having sex
what is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight?	smoking cigarette
what is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight?	doing drugs
what is something a pilot would get fired for doing in the cockpit during a flight?	leaving cockpit
women only: name a way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor.	no ring on his finger
women only: name a way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor.	clothes
women only: name a way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor.	flirt
women only: name a way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor.	dirty house
women only: name a way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor.	no food
women only: name a way you can tell that a guy is a bachelor.	nice car
which u.s. city would you be most afraid to live in?	new york
which u.s. city would you be most afraid to live in?	los angeles
which u.s. city would you be most afraid to live in?	detroit
which u.s. city would you be most afraid to live in?	washington, d.c.
which u.s. city would you be most afraid to live in?	philadelphia
which u.s. city would you be most afraid to live in?	chicago
which school subject do you think is useful in real life?	maths
which school subject do you think is useful in real life?	english
which school subject do you think is useful in real life?	geography
which school subject do you think is useful in real life?	psychology
we surveyed 100 women...specifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt.	his bod
we surveyed 100 women...specifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt.	his eyes
we surveyed 100 women...specifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt.	his smile
we surveyed 100 women...specifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt.	his hair
we surveyed 100 women...specifically, tell me the sexiest part about brad pitt.	his jaw
what's the best man responsible for at a wedding?	ring
what's the best man responsible for at a wedding?	toast
what's the best man responsible for at a wedding?	groom on time
what's the best man responsible for at a wedding?	bachelor party
where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up?	arcade
where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up?	park
where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up?	bar
where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up?	toy store
where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up?	school
where would you find an adult hanging out,if he refused to grow up?	amusement park
when you were a kid, what would happen if you brought home a bad report card?	grounded
when you were a kid, what would happen if you brought home a bad report card?	got lectured
when you were a kid, what would happen if you brought home a bad report card?	spanking
when you were a kid, what would happen if you brought home a bad report card?	nothing
when you were a kid, what would happen if you brought home a bad report card?	punished
when you were a kid, what would happen if you brought home a bad report card?	made to study
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...name a kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh.	church
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...name a kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh.	school/principal
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...name a kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh.	library
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...name a kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh.	funeral
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...name a kind of place where you can get in trouble if you laugh.	court
what might a teen ask to borrow from his parents on a friday night?	car
what might a teen ask to borrow from his parents on a friday night?	money
what might a teen ask to borrow from his parents on a friday night?	clothes
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	tv
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	family
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	computer
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	pictures
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	stereo/cd player
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	bathroom
what at your house would you miss most if it suddenly wasn't there?	pet
when you are sick, name something that helps you make it through the night.	medicine
when you are sick, name something that helps you make it through the night.	sleep
when you are sick, name something that helps you make it through the night.	tea
when you are sick, name something that helps you make it through the night.	soft drink
when you are sick, name something that helps you make it through the night.	soup
when you are sick, name something that helps you make it through the night.	watch tv
we surveyed 100 women...name something you would rather be than smart.	rich
we surveyed 100 women...name something you would rather be than smart.	attractive
we surveyed 100 women...name something you would rather be than smart.	healthy
we surveyed 100 women...name something you would rather be than smart.	have sex appeal
we surveyed 100 women...name something you would rather be than smart.	be a good person
we surveyed 100 women...name something you would rather be than smart.	be powerful
when you count your blessings, name a blessing you count.	being alive
when you count your blessings, name a blessing you count.	family
when you count your blessings, name a blessing you count.	good health
when you count your blessings, name a blessing you count.	god's goodness
when you count your blessings, name a blessing you count.	food on table
when you count your blessings, name a blessing you count.	my home
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...tell me a prank that kids pull on halloween.	t.p. houses
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...tell me a prank that kids pull on halloween.	throw eggs
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...tell me a prank that kids pull on halloween.	jump out & scare
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...tell me a prank that kids pull on halloween.	ding-dong ditch
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...tell me a prank that kids pull on halloween.	soap windows
we surveyed 100 11-year-olds...tell me a prank that kids pull on halloween.	smash pumpkins
what might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter?	glasses
what might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter?	blazer
what might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter?	tie
what might you wear to a job interview in order to appear smarter?	dress
where might people carpool to.	work
where might people carpool to.	school
which job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day?	cop
which job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day?	firefighter
which job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day?	astronaut
which job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day?	pilot
which job would a boy love for his dad to have on take-your-child-to-work day?	pro athlete
while driving, name something you rubberneck to look at.	accident
while driving, name something you rubberneck to look at.	sexy man/woman
while driving, name something you rubberneck to look at.	hot cars
while driving, name something you rubberneck to look at.	stores/sales
while driving, name something you rubberneck to look at.	nice house
while driving, name something you rubberneck to look at.	billboard/sign
what is the biggest nuisance about camping out?	bugs
what is the biggest nuisance about camping out?	no toilet/shower
what is the biggest nuisance about camping out?	wild animals
what is the biggest nuisance about camping out?	rain/bad weather
what is the biggest nuisance about camping out?	sleep'g on ground
what is the biggest nuisance about camping out?	the tent
we surveyed 100 women...name something that you hope your blind date will have.	money
we surveyed 100 women...name something that you hope your blind date will have.	personality/humor
we surveyed 100 women...name something that you hope your blind date will have.	nice car
we surveyed 100 women...name something that you hope your blind date will have.	looks/nice teeth
we surveyed 100 women...name something that you hope your blind date will have.	nice hair
we surveyed 100 women...name something that you hope your blind date will have.	good body
when money is tight, people go out less often. name something that's fun to do at home.	play games
when money is tight, people go out less often. name something that's fun to do at home.	watch television
when money is tight, people go out less often. name something that's fun to do at home.	bbq
when money is tight, people go out less often. name something that's fun to do at home.	read
when money is tight, people go out less often. name something that's fun to do at home.	computers
we surveyed 100 men...name something specific no one can do as well as your mother could.	cook
we surveyed 100 men...name something specific no one can do as well as your mother could.	love/care
we surveyed 100 men...name something specific no one can do as well as your mother could.	clean
we surveyed 100 men...name something specific no one can do as well as your mother could.	nag/complain
we surveyed 100 men...name something specific no one can do as well as your mother could.	drive
we surveyed 100 men...name something specific no one can do as well as your mother could.	sew
what do rich people talk about?	money/being rich
what do rich people talk about?	stocks/investing
what do rich people talk about?	business
what do rich people talk about?	themselves
what do rich people talk about?	cars
what do rich people talk about?	other rich people
what do rich people talk about?	poor people
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	oprah winfrey
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	ellen degeneres
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	regis philbin
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	jay leno
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	maury povich
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	tyra banks
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	montel williams
which talk show host (not game show host) do you think would be best on a celebrity dance show?	kelly ripa
we surveyed 100 married women...name something your husband has good taste in.	clothes/shoes
we surveyed 100 married women...name something your husband has good taste in.	food/restaurants
we surveyed 100 married women...name something your husband has good taste in.	women/wives
we surveyed 100 married women...name something your husband has good taste in.	jewelry
we surveyed 100 married women...name something your husband has good taste in.	cars
we surveyed 100 married women...name something your husband has good taste in.	music
what occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter?	cop
what occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter?	lawyer
what occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter?	judge
what occupation might a dad have that would make boys afraid to date his daughter?	clergy
what would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day?	nothing
what would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day?	vacuum cleaner
what would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day?	card
what would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day?	cash
what would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day?	large appliance
what would the world's least romantic husband give to his wife for valentine's day?	tools
what's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day?	spouse
what's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day?	good meal
what's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day?	pet
what's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day?	chair
what's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day?	bed
what's something waiting for you at home at the end of a hectic day?	coffee
what might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family?	snitch
what might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family?	steal
what might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family?	kill
what might a mobster do that gets him kicked out of his mob family?	lie
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it.	cleaning/dishes
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it.	laundry/ironing
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it.	cooking
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it.	food shopping
we surveyed 100 married women...name something that wouldn't get done if you didn't do it.	paying bills
what did service station attendants once do when you bought gas?	wash windows
what did service station attendants once do when you bought gas?	check oil
what did service station attendants once do when you bought gas?	check tires
what did service station attendants once do when you bought gas?	pump gas
we surveyed 100 single women...what's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date?	for sex
we surveyed 100 single women...what's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date?	money/salary
we surveyed 100 single women...what's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date?	your age
we surveyed 100 single women...what's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date?	for a kiss
we surveyed 100 single women...what's something a guy shouldn't ask you on the first date?	your weight
which of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker?	grumpy
which of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker?	sleepy
which of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker?	dopey
which of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker?	happy
which of the 7 dwarfs would be the most annoying coworker?	sneezy
at an awards show, name something celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them.	smiling
at an awards show, name something celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them.	waving
at an awards show, name something celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them.	posing
at an awards show, name something celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them.	crying
at an awards show, name something celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them.	clapping
at an awards show, name something celebs might be doing when the camera pans on them.	kissing date
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	cry
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	flirt
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	lie
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	smile
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	be nice
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	beg
after a cop pulls you over, what might you try to do to avoid getting a ticket	apologize
at the grocery store, name something a kid is told not to do.	run ahead
at the grocery store, name something a kid is told not to do.	touch anything
at the grocery store, name something a kid is told not to do.	steal
at the grocery store, name something a kid is told not to do.	scream/cry
at the grocery store, name something a kid is told not to do.	beg for junk food
at the grocery store, name something a kid is told not to do.	eat food
according to women: which occupation has the sexiest men?	construction
according to women: which occupation has the sexiest men?	firefighters
according to women: which occupation has the sexiest men?	police officers
according to women: which occupation has the sexiest men?	actors
according to women: which occupation has the sexiest men?	dancers
according to women: which occupation has the sexiest men?	athletes
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	ten
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	eight
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	twelve
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	nine
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	seven
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	thirteen
at what age does a boy start wiping off his mother's kisses?	four
according to men: when you see a woman smiling, name something she is probably smiling about.	men
according to men: when you see a woman smiling, name something she is probably smiling about.	jokes
according to men: when you see a woman smiling, name something she is probably smiling about.	shopping
according to men: when you see a woman smiling, name something she is probably smiling about.	looks
according to men: when you see a woman smiling, name something she is probably smiling about.	money
according to men: when you see a woman smiling, name something she is probably smiling about.	happiness
after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome?	three
after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome?	five
after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome?	seven
after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome?	four
after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome?	two
after how many days do your in-laws wear out their welcome?	one
a movie that starred mel gibson.	lethal weapon
a movie that starred mel gibson.	braveheart
a movie that starred mel gibson.	mad max
a movie that starred mel gibson.	what women want
a movie that starred mel gibson.	signs
a movie that starred mel gibson.	payback
a movie that starred mel gibson.	patriot
a movie that starred mel gibson.	ransom
according to married women: name something a husband better not buy without consulting them first.	vehicle
according to married women: name something a husband better not buy without consulting them first.	funiture
according to married women: name something a husband better not buy without consulting them first.	house
according to married women: name something a husband better not buy without consulting them first.	clothes
according to married women: name something a husband better not buy without consulting them first.	anything
according to married women: name something a husband better not buy without consulting them first.	television
besides "biographies," which section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in?	humor/comics
besides "biographies," which section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in?	romance
besides "biographies," which section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in?	history
besides "biographies," which section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in?	horror
besides "biographies," which section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in?	self help
besides "biographies," which section of a bookstore would a memoir about your life belong in?	sci fi/fantasy
besides a camera, what should you pack for a trip to the rainforest?	umbrella
besides a camera, what should you pack for a trip to the rainforest?	rain coat
besides a camera, what should you pack for a trip to the rainforest?	bug spray
besides a camera, what should you pack for a trip to the rainforest?	food/water
besides a camera, what should you pack for a trip to the rainforest?	hat
besides a camera, what should you pack for a trip to the rainforest?	binoculars
besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day. (numeric only please.)	2
besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day. (numeric only please.)	4
besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day. (numeric only please.)	3
besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day. (numeric only please.)	1
besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day. (numeric only please.)	5
besides for work, tell me how many hours you spend using your computer in one day. (numeric only please.)	6
besides books, name something you'd find in most school libraries.	computer
besides books, name something you'd find in most school libraries.	magazines
besides lights, name something in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out.	tv
besides lights, name something in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out.	refrigerator
besides lights, name something in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out.	clock
besides lights, name something in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out.	computer
besides lights, name something in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out.	telephone
besides lights, name something in your house that wouldn't work if the electricity went out.	stereo
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	recycle
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	burn them
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	clean windows
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	wrap gifts
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	pack dishes
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	crafts
besides throwing them away name something you can do with old newspapers	line bird cage
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	jingle bells
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	silent night
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	silver bells
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	i'll be home for xmas
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	santa coming to town
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	beginning to look a
besides white christmas, name a song on big crosby's white christmas album.	adeste fideles
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	mashed potatoes
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	yogurt
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	cataloupe
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	cottage cheese
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	jello
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	rice
besides ice cream name a food that can be scooped	cereal
besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station?	police
besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station?	conductor
besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station?	homeless person
besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station?	ticket takers
besides passengers, who might you see at a subway station?	performer
besides skiing, name something people enjoy doing at a ski resort	snowboarding
besides skiing, name something people enjoy doing at a ski resort	drinking/eating
besides skiing, name something people enjoy doing at a ski resort	cuddling by the fire
besides skiing, name something people enjoy doing at a ski resort	sledding
besides skiing, name something people enjoy doing at a ski resort	hot tub
besides skiing, name something people enjoy doing at a ski resort	play in snow
besides ice cream and popsicles name something you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man	ice cream truck
besides ice cream and popsicles name something you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man	music
besides ice cream and popsicles name something you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man	cones
besides ice cream and popsicles name something you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man	freezer
besides ice cream and popsicles name something you need to be a neighborhood ice cream man	friendly personality
besides the weasel, name something that goes "pop".	popcorn
besides the weasel, name something that goes "pop".	ricekrispies
besides the weasel, name something that goes "pop".	balloons
besides the weasel, name something that goes "pop".	bubbles
besides the weasel, name something that goes "pop".	pringles
besides the united states, name a country you most admire.	england
besides the united states, name a country you most admire.	canada
besides the united states, name a country you most admire.	italy
besides the united states, name a country you most admire.	australia
besides the united states, name a country you most admire.	france
besides the united states, name a country you most admire.	ireland
besides books, name something you might see in a bookcase.	bookends
besides books, name something you might see in a bookcase.	photos
besides books, name something you might see in a bookcase.	dust
besides books, name something you might see in a bookcase.	ornament
besides books, name something you might see in a bookcase.	vase
besides christmas, tell me a holiday that kids get off from school.	thanksgiving
besides christmas, tell me a holiday that kids get off from school.	4th of july
besides potatoes, name something you would find in a potato salad.	mayonnaise
besides potatoes, name something you would find in a potato salad.	eggs
besides potatoes, name something you would find in a potato salad.	onions
besides potatoes, name something you would find in a potato salad.	celery
besides potatoes, name something you would find in a potato salad.	mustard
besides babies, tell me someone or something whom you baby-talk to.	pet
besides babies, tell me someone or something whom you baby-talk to.	lover
besides babies, tell me someone or something whom you baby-talk to.	older child
besides babies, tell me someone or something whom you baby-talk to.	elderly people
besides babies, tell me someone or something whom you baby-talk to.	doll
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	bedsheets
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	blinds
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	blanket
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	towels
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	newspaper
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	posters
besides curtains name something a college student may use to cover their windows.	clothes
besides walking name a way to get around in snowy weather	ski
besides walking name a way to get around in snowy weather	sled
besides walking name a way to get around in snowy weather	car
besides buying it, name a way someone can get a car.	steal it
besides buying it, name a way someone can get a car.	lease it
besides buying it, name a way someone can get a car.	rent it
besides buying it, name a way someone can get a car.	win it
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	cage
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	hat
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	sail
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	arm
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	steering wheel
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	crows nest
besides a captain's shoulders, name a place a parrot might hang out.	mast
complete this sentence id never date someone who had bad	breath
complete this sentence id never date someone who had bad	hair
complete this sentence id never date someone who had bad	manners
complete this sentence id never date someone who had bad	attitude
complete this sentence id never date someone who had bad	hygiene
complete this sentence id never date someone who had bad	credit
complete this phrase: bald as a(n)______.	eagle
complete this phrase: bald as a(n)______.	cue ball
complete this phrase: bald as a(n)______.	baby
complete this phrase: bald as a(n)______.	coot
complete this phrase: bald as a(n)______.	bowling ball
describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry.	drink coffee
describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry.	shower/wash face
describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry.	drink milk
describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry.	another drink
describe something people do when they need to sober up in a hurry.	sleep/rest
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	sticky
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	fat
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	thick
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	diarrhea
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	high cholesterol
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	get into teeth
even though is taste good, name a downside to eating peanut butter.	salty
fill in the blank: pamela anderson owes her success to her _______.	body
fill in the blank: pamela anderson owes her success to her _______.	face
fill in the blank: pamela anderson owes her success to her _______.	baywatch
finish this sentence: when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses.	the beach
finish this sentence: when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses.	florida
finish this sentence: when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses.	hawaii
finish this sentence: when visiting ___, don't forget to bring your sunglasses.	california
grey hair on older men is distinguished. what happens to aging men that isn't distinguished?	wrinkles
grey hair on older men is distinguished. what happens to aging men that isn't distinguished?	baldness
grey hair on older men is distinguished. what happens to aging men that isn't distinguished?	gain weight
grey hair on older men is distinguished. what happens to aging men that isn't distinguished?	nose/ear hair
grey hair on older men is distinguished. what happens to aging men that isn't distinguished?	lose teeth
grey hair on older men is distinguished. what happens to aging men that isn't distinguished?	lose hearing
give me a word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken."	chicken little
give me a word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken."	chicken soup
give me a word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken."	chicken potpie
give me a word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken."	chicken fingers
give me a word or a phrase beginning with the word "chicken."	chicken nuggets
give me a slang term you'd use to describe a really good-looking guy	fine
give me a slang term you'd use to describe a really good-looking guy	hot
give me a specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you.	slob
give me a specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you.	neat freak
give me a specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you.	moody
give me a specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you.	stubborn
give me a specific reason why you wouldn't want to be married to you.	outspoken
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	chocolate chip
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	chip off the old block
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	potato chip
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	chip dip
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	chip on shoulder
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	chipmunk
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	poker chip
give me a word or phrase containing the word "chip":	computer chip
give me one of the 10 commandments.	shall not kill
give me one of the 10 commandments.	shall not steal
give me one of the 10 commandments.	honor mom and dad
give me one of the 10 commandments.	shall not lie
give me one of the 10 commandments.	no adultery
give me one of the 10 commandments.	shall not covet
how can you tell that a tv show is old time?	black and white
how can you tell that a tv show is old time?	clothes
how can you tell that a tv show is old time?	old cars
how can you tell that a tv show is old time?	music
how might a snowman lose some of its accessories?	melt
how might a snowman lose some of its accessories?	wind
how might a snowman lose some of its accessories?	stolen
how might a snowman lose some of its accessories?	animals eat them
how can you tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages	all caps
how can you tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages	exclamation points
how can you tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages	swearing
how can you tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages	angry face
how can you tell somebody is angry at you from their text messages	no response
how can you tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music?	lips moving
how can you tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music?	head bobbing
how can you tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music?	hear it
how can you tell that the person in the car next to you is listening to music?	fingers tapping
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	four
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	eight
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	five
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	six
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	ten
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	twelve
how many hours can a person drive before they need a break?	fifteen
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	10
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	6
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	2
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	3
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	12
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	5
how many movies do you see in a theater in one year?	8
if you heard a thump in the night,which cleaning tool might you grab for protection?	broom
if you heard a thump in the night,which cleaning tool might you grab for protection?	mop
if you heard a thump in the night,which cleaning tool might you grab for protection?	plunger
if you heard a thump in the night,which cleaning tool might you grab for protection?	toilet brush
instead of a veil what type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head	crowne
instead of a veil what type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head	beanie
instead of a veil what type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head	baseball cap
instead of a veil what type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head	cowboy
instead of a veil what type of headwear would you be surprise to see on a brides head	helmet
in a romantic movie, what event often happens at the movie's finale?	kiss
in a romantic movie, what event often happens at the movie's finale?	wedding
in a romantic movie, what event often happens at the movie's finale?	couple begins dating
in a romantic movie, what event often happens at the movie's finale?	someone dies
if you boil you veggies too long, name something they lose.	vitamins
if you boil you veggies too long, name something they lose.	flavor
if you boil you veggies too long, name something they lose.	firmness
if you boil you veggies too long, name something they lose.	color
if the north pole gave guided tours,what specifically would be on the tour?	santa's house
if the north pole gave guided tours,what specifically would be on the tour?	elves/workshop
if the north pole gave guided tours,what specifically would be on the tour?	polar bears
if the north pole gave guided tours,what specifically would be on the tour?	reindeer
in movie endings, name a place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late.	airport
in movie endings, name a place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late.	wedding/church
in movie endings, name a place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late.	train station/bus depot
in movie endings, name a place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late.	beach
in movie endings, name a place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late.	bridge
in movie endings, name a place the main character goes to catch her crush before it's too late.	park
in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher?	bring coupons
in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher?	carry a calculator
in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher?	buy generic brands
in the grocery store, how can you identify a penny-pincher?	how they dress
if you elope to las vegas name something you might not have at your wedding	guests
if you elope to las vegas name something you might not have at your wedding	cake
if you elope to las vegas name something you might not have at your wedding	wedding dress
if you elope to las vegas name something you might not have at your wedding	bridal party
if you elope to las vegas name something you might not have at your wedding	flowers
if you elope to las vegas name something you might not have at your wedding	clergy
if your purse was stolen, tell me the one thing in it that would be hardest to replace	pictures
if your purse was stolen, tell me the one thing in it that would be hardest to replace	cash
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	fall to earth
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	run out of gas
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	hit a plane
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	blow up
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	collide with a bird
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	hit a tree
if you commuted to work by jet pack name something dangerous that could happen be specific	hit a building
in the store name a product that you might choose because its soft	toilet paper
in the store name a product that you might choose because its soft	bread
in the store name a product that you might choose because its soft	pillow
in the store name a product that you might choose because its soft	blanket
in the store name a product that you might choose because its soft	towel
in the store name a product that you might choose because its soft	shirt
if james bond were a real man, name something that probably would have happened to him by now.	he'd be dead
if james bond were a real man, name something that probably would have happened to him by now.	gotten old
if james bond were a real man, name something that probably would have happened to him by now.	gotten injured
if james bond were a real man, name something that probably would have happened to him by now.	out of work
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	rope
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	food
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	water
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	boots
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	first aid
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	cell phone
if you were going rock climbing, name something you'd want to bring with you	chalk
if you were filling in for santa name something youd have to learn how to do	say ho ho ho
if you were filling in for santa name something youd have to learn how to do	drive a sleigh
if you were filling in for santa name something youd have to learn how to do	climb down chimney
if you were filling in for santa name something youd have to learn how to do	made a list
if you were filling in for santa name something youd have to learn how to do	work with reindeer
if you were filling in for santa name something youd have to learn how to do	wear his suit
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," name something you'd offer your brokenhearted guests.	chocolate/sweets
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," name something you'd offer your brokenhearted guests.	love/company
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," name something you'd offer your brokenhearted guests.	a drink
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," name something you'd offer your brokenhearted guests.	tissue
if you were to open "heartbreak hotel," name something you'd offer your brokenhearted guests.	flowers
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's name would be hardest to say with a straight face	goofy
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's name would be hardest to say with a straight face	mickey mouse
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's name would be hardest to say with a straight face	donald duck
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's name would be hardest to say with a straight face	dopey
in the heat of a passionate moment, which disney character's name would be hardest to say with a straight face	dumbo
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, name a specific reason you'd avoid them.	your shy
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, name a specific reason you'd avoid them.	your cheating
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, name a specific reason you'd avoid them.	you look bad
if you saw your love interest unexpectedly, name a specific reason you'd avoid them.	your sick
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	rat/mouse
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	snake
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	skunk
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	raccoon
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	spider
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	cockroach
if you had to spend the night in your garage, name a critter that you'd dread an encounter with.	bat
if there were a college for magicians,name a trick that you're sure would be taught on day one.	objects disappear
if there were a college for magicians,name a trick that you're sure would be taught on day one.	rabbit out of hat
if there were a college for magicians,name a trick that you're sure would be taught on day one.	card tricks
if there were a college for magicians,name a trick that you're sure would be taught on day one.	saw in half
if you run into a bear in the woods, name something you should not do.	feed it
if you run into a bear in the woods, name something you should not do.	fight it
if you run into a bear in the woods, name something you should not do.	pet it
if you run into a bear in the woods, name something you should not do.	approach it
in what country do americans get the best buys when shopping for clothing?	china
in what country do americans get the best buys when shopping for clothing?	mexico
in what occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people?	entertainment
in what occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people?	reporter
in what occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people?	doctor
in what occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people?	salesperson
in what occupation do you get to meet the most fascinating people?	photographer
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd get rid of.	bills
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd get rid of.	telly
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd get rid of.	spouse
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd get rid of.	telephone
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd get rid of.	credit card
if you wanted to simplify your life, name something you'd get rid of.	computer
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument. name something else it takes two hands to do.	type
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument. name something else it takes two hands to do.	play sports
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument. name something else it takes two hands to do.	wash dishes
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument. name something else it takes two hands to do.	drive
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument. name something else it takes two hands to do.	cook
it takes two hands to play a musical instrument. name something else it takes two hands to do.	riding a bike
if students ran the schools, name something they would probably get rid of.	teachers
if students ran the schools, name something they would probably get rid of.	books
if students ran the schools, name something they would probably get rid of.	tests
if you were stranded at the bottom of the grand canyon, name something you would hope to have with you.	water
if you were stranded at the bottom of the grand canyon, name something you would hope to have with you.	food
if a high school girl was really a teenage witch, name something she might use her special powers for	homework
if a high school girl was really a teenage witch, name something she might use her special powers for	getting dates
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	talking
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	surfing the net
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	working
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	picking my nose
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	eating
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	sleeping
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	playing games
if there was a hidden camera at work, name something your boss might catch you doing.	reading
if a man's wife is brunette, name a place she had better not find a blonde hair.	clothing
if a man's wife is brunette, name a place she had better not find a blonde hair.	bed
if a man's wife is brunette, name a place she had better not find a blonde hair.	on husband
if a man's wife is brunette, name a place she had better not find a blonde hair.	on herself
if a man's wife is brunette, name a place she had better not find a blonde hair.	car
if you were turned into a spider, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	spin a web
if you were turned into a spider, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	climb
if you were turned into a spider, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	eat bugs
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, what might they be talking about?	animal/hunting
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, what might they be talking about?	hair mousse
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, what might they be talking about?	chocolate mousse
if you overheard the word "moose" in a conversation, what might they be talking about?	a large person
if you became a billionaire today, name something you'd get rid of tomorrow.	house/apartment
if you became a billionaire today, name something you'd get rid of tomorrow.	car
if you became a billionaire today, name something you'd get rid of tomorrow.	job
if you became a billionaire today, name something you'd get rid of tomorrow.	debt/bills
if you became a billionaire today, name something you'd get rid of tomorrow.	significant other
if you spent christmas alone, name a traditional you might not bother with.	tree
if you spent christmas alone, name a traditional you might not bother with.	gifts
if you spent christmas alone, name a traditional you might not bother with.	dinner
if you spent christmas alone, name a traditional you might not bother with.	caroling
if you spent christmas alone, name a traditional you might not bother with.	decorating
if you spent christmas alone, name a traditional you might not bother with.	mistletoe
if your cat had an answering machine, tell me something the message might say he's busy doing.	grooming
if your cat had an answering machine, tell me something the message might say he's busy doing.	eating
if your cat had an answering machine, tell me something the message might say he's busy doing.	scratching post
if your cat had an answering machine, tell me something the message might say he's busy doing.	hunting
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	socks
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	towel
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	his hand
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	shoulder/knee pad
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	bowl
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	padded bra
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	toilet paper
if a football player looses his cup, what might he put down his pants for protection?	coconut/shell
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	wash hands
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	take vitamins
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	dress warm
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	avoid sick people
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	drink liquids
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	avoid crowds
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	take herbs
if you can't get a flu shot, name something you can do to protect yourself from the flu.	take aspirin
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house which chore would it be?	dishes
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house which chore would it be?	laundry
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house which chore would it be?	sweep/vacuum
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house which chore would it be?	clean bathroom
if you had a robot to do just one job around the house which chore would it be?	cook
if you could fly, name something you'd save a lot of money on.	gas
if you could fly, name something you'd save a lot of money on.	airfare
if you could fly, name something you'd save a lot of money on.	subway
if you could fly, name something you'd save a lot of money on.	shoes
if you could fly, name something you'd save a lot of money on.	taxi
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," name something you might be able to buy there.	weights
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," name something you might be able to buy there.	exercise machine
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," name something you might be able to buy there.	supplements
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," name something you might be able to buy there.	vitamins
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," name something you might be able to buy there.	spandex
if there were a store called "bodybuilders-r-us," name something you might be able to buy there.	shoes
in which american city is it most expensive to eat dinner?	new york
in which american city is it most expensive to eat dinner?	san francisco
in which american city is it most expensive to eat dinner?	los angeles
in which american city is it most expensive to eat dinner?	washington, dc
in which american city is it most expensive to eat dinner?	honolulu
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places what would be her first stop?	bar
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places what would be her first stop?	internet
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places what would be her first stop?	jail
if a woman were looking for love in all the wrong places what would be her first stop?	fam. reunion/funeral
if he ran out of money, name something of value a man might bet in a poker game.	watch
if he ran out of money, name something of value a man might bet in a poker game.	car
if he ran out of money, name something of value a man might bet in a poker game.	jewelry/ring
if he ran out of money, name something of value a man might bet in a poker game.	house
if a man's wife did everything for him, name something in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced.	washer
if a man's wife did everything for him, name something in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced.	stove
if a man's wife did everything for him, name something in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced.	dishwasher
if a man's wife did everything for him, name something in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced.	iron
if a man's wife did everything for him, name something in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced.	vacuum
if a man's wife did everything for him, name something in his house he'd have trouble using if they got divorced.	microwave
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	pay bills
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	move
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	sleep in
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	buy a car
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	go to bank
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	go shopping
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	quit my job
if you inherited a million dollars tonight, what's the first thing you'd do tomorrow morning?	donate to charity
if you saw someone being mugged, what would you do?	try to help
if you saw someone being mugged, what would you do?	call 911
if you saw someone being mugged, what would you do?	yell
if you saw someone being mugged, what would you do?	go get help
if you saw someone being mugged, what would you do?	nothing
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	fun
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	traveling
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	spending money
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	family
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	sports
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	eating
life is short, so might as well spend it doing what?	helping others
name something your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love."	kiss/touch
name something your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love."	touch
name something your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love."	turn on music
name something your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love."	undress/change clothes
name something your spouse does to let you know they're "in the mood for love."	acty flirty
name a fruit people put in cakes	strawberries
name a fruit people put in cakes	pinapple
name a fruit people put in cakes	bananas
name a fruit people put in cakes	apples
name a fruit people put in cakes	lemon
name a fruit people put in cakes	cherries
name a fruit people put in cakes	peaches
name something you would not want to buy at a dollar store.	food
name something you would not want to buy at a dollar store.	clothes
name something you would not want to buy at a dollar store.	birth control
name something you would not want to buy at a dollar store.	medicine
name a sport where you might see a lot of athletes	football
name a sport where you might see a lot of athletes	basketball
name a sport where you might see a lot of athletes	baseball
name a sport where you might see a lot of athletes	soccer
name a sport where you might see a lot of athletes	hockey
name someone who might make a speech at a wedding	best man
name someone who might make a speech at a wedding	parent
name someone who might make a speech at a wedding	bridesmaid
name someone who might make a speech at a wedding	bride/groom
name someone who might make a speech at a wedding	clergy member
name a product door-to-door salesmen used to sell.	vacuum cleaner
name a product door-to-door salesmen used to sell.	cosmetics
name a product door-to-door salesmen used to sell.	encyclopedia
name a product door-to-door salesmen used to sell.	bible
name a product door-to-door salesmen used to sell.	knives
name a gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors.	plant/flowers
name a gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors.	dessert
name a gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors.	wine
name a gift you'd be likely to get as a house warming present from your new neighbors.	candle
name an occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have	police officer
name an occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have	lawyer
name an occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have	judge
name an occupation that a boy wouldnt want his girlfriends father to have	clergy
name something a child might do for or give santa.	milk and cookies
name something a child might do for or give santa.	write letter
name a word or short phrase that begins with the word "high."	high school
name a word or short phrase that begins with the word "high."	high five
name a word or short phrase that begins with the word "high."	high roller
name a word or short phrase that begins with the word "high."	high noon
name a word or short phrase that begins with the word "high."	highway
name a word or short phrase that begins with the word "high."	high heels
name something a goldfish might complain about	dirty water
name something a goldfish might complain about	no food
name something a goldfish might complain about	bowl too small
name something a goldfish might complain about	not enough water
name something a goldfish might complain about	beat up by other fish
name a us state whose residents say yall	texas
name a us state whose residents say yall	georgia
name a us state whose residents say yall	alabama
name a us state whose residents say yall	kentucky
name a us state whose residents say yall	tenessee
name a us state whose residents say yall	south carolina
name something that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual.	cold/allergies
name something that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual.	alcohol
name something that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual.	exhaustion
name something that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual.	sleeping on back
name something that causes your spouse to snore worse than usual.	stress
name a sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment	football
name a sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment	hockey
name a sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment	baseball
name a sport that you wouldnt play without protective equipment	rugby
name a place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth	bar
name a place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth	work
name a place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth	sporting event
name a place you'd be surprised to see a new dad on the day of his child's birth	home
name something you do in a booth	kiss
name something you do in a booth	talk on phone
name something you do in a booth	have picture taken
name something you do in a booth	vote
name something you do in a booth	sell tickets
name something you do in a booth	eat
name something in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad.	furniture
name something in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad.	food
name something in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad.	decoration
name something in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad.	family
name something in a regular house that might be missing in a batchelor pad.	appliances
name a place where a child makes friends.	school/childcare
name a place where a child makes friends.	play ground
name a place where a child makes friends.	sports team
name a place where a child makes friends.	neighborhood
name a place where a child makes friends.	place of worship
name a place where a child makes friends.	camp
name something you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot.	another car
name something you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot.	pedestrian
name something you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot.	shopping cart
name something you'd hate for your car to bump into in a parking lot.	pole/sign
name something a man might ask his dads advice on	relationships
name something a man might ask his dads advice on	finances
name something a man might ask his dads advice on	car
name something a man might ask his dads advice on	job
name the worst part about riding the bus	crowded
name the worst part about riding the bus	stinky
name the worst part about riding the bus	bumpy
name the worst part about riding the bus	noise
name the worst part about riding the bus	takes longer
name the worst part about riding the bus	hot
name the worst part about riding the bus	bus fare
name something teens may be afraid of when moving away to college	expenses
name something teens may be afraid of when moving away to college	being alone
name something teens may be afraid of when moving away to college	leaving home
name something teens may be afraid of when moving away to college	making new friends
name something teens may be afraid of when moving away to college	difficult classes
name something teens may be afraid of when moving away to college	new roommate
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	conceited
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	arrogant
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	cocky
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	stuck up
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	snob
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	vain
name a term for someone who thinks very highly of himself	egotistical
name an organ people might have removed.	kidney
name an organ people might have removed.	appendix
name an organ people might have removed.	gall bladder
name an organ people might have removed.	lung
name an organ people might have removed.	spleen
name a time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him	wedding
name a time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him	worship service
name a time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him	party
name a time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him	work/interview
name a time when a wife often chooses her husbands clothes for him	going for dinner
name something a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby.	suitcase
name something a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby.	wife
name something a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby.	extra clothes
name something a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby.	baby bag
name something a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby.	flowers
name something a husband might forget to take to the hospital when his wife is having a baby.	car seat
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	football
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	golf
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	baseball
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	hockey
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	cheerleading
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	horseback riding
name the most expensive sport for kids to participate in.	gymnastics
name something kids might use to help them count	fingers
name something kids might use to help them count	flash cards
name something kids might use to help them count	calculator
name something kids might use to help them count	blocks
name something a teacher might use to help them teach their class	books
name something a teacher might use to help them teach their class	computer
name something a teacher might use to help them teach their class	chalkboard
name something a teacher might use to help them teach their class	maps
name something a teacher might use to help them teach their class	videos
name something a teacher might use to help them teach their class	newspaper
name something on you that might be tied in a knot.	shoe laces
name something on you that might be tied in a knot.	hair
name something on you that might be tied in a knot.	tounge
name something on you that might be tied in a knot.	stomach
name something a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number	hit and run
name something a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number	cut in front
name something a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number	drunk driving
name something a driver might do that would cause you to write down his cars license number	drive recklessly
name something people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize.	carnival goers
name something people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize.	pig/animal
name something people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize.	pumpkin/squash
name something people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize.	jar of candy
name something people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize.	melon
name something people guess the weight or volume of in order to win a prize.	baby
name something you do to an item before giving it as a gift	wrap it
name something you do to an item before giving it as a gift	remove price tag
name something you do to an item before giving it as a gift	buy it
name something that you can adjust the volume on	tv
name something that you can adjust the volume on	radio/stereo
name something that you can adjust the volume on	computer
name something that you can adjust the volume on	phone
name something that you can adjust the volume on	mp3 player
name something that's expensive to replace if you lose it.	jewelry
name something that's expensive to replace if you lose it.	watch
name something that's expensive to replace if you lose it.	cell phone
name something that's expensive to replace if you lose it.	house
name something that's expensive to replace if you lose it.	pair of glasses
name something your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much	talking
name something your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much	shopping/spending
name something your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much	drinking
name something your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much	sleeping
name something your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much	spending money
name something your spouse might get mad at you for doing too much	watching tv
name something you expect to see inside every hotel room	bed
name something you expect to see inside every hotel room	towels
name something you expect to see inside every hotel room	tv
name something you expect to see inside every hotel room	bible
name something you expect to see inside every hotel room	soap
name something you expect to see inside every hotel room	coffeemaker
name something that a child often loses	teeth
name something that a child often loses	toys
name something that a child often loses	money
name something that a child often loses	homework
name something that a child often loses	gloves
name something that a child often loses	jacket
name something that a child often loses	temper
name something a driver might do when he sees a police car.	slow down
name something a driver might do when he sees a police car.	pull over
name something a driver might do when he sees a police car.	put seat belt on
name something a driver might do when he sees a police car.	run the other way
name something a driver might do when he sees a police car.	panic
name a reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver	got lost
name a reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver	too fast
name a reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver	accident
name a reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver	too slow
name a reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver	expensive
name a reason why a person would say they had a horrible cab driver	smelly
name something people turn on just before they get in bed.	alarm
name something people turn on just before they get in bed.	tv
name something people turn on just before they get in bed.	lamp
name something people turn on just before they get in bed.	radio
name something people turn on just before they get in bed.	electric blanket
name an act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing	smoking
name an act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing	fighting
name an act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing	alcohol/drugs
name an act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing	skipping school
name an act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing	swearing
name an act of high school rebellion that you cant imagine a kindergartener doing	breaking curfew
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	flashlight
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	flares
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	blanket
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	jumper cable
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	spare tire
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	cell phone
name something people keep in their car for emergencies.	jack
name a way you know you've arrived in new york city	big building
name a way you know you've arrived in new york city	statue of liberty
name a way you know you've arrived in new york city	traffic
name a way you know you've arrived in new york city	crowded
name a way you know you've arrived in new york city	smog
name a way you know you've arrived in new york city	cabs
name something you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors	bugs
name something you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors	wind
name something you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors	cold weather
name something you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors	sun
name something you might have to put up with an at outdoor cafe that you wouldn't when eating indoors	rain
name an animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond	shark
name an animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond	whale
name an animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond	dolphin
name an animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond	octopus
name an animal you would find in the ocean but not in a pond	seal
name something naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with	sneaking out
name something naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with	shoplifting
name something naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with	skipping school
name something naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with	smoking/drinking
name something naughty that children living in the white house would never be able to get away with	making a mess
name something about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored	clothes
name something about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored	hair
name something about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored	eyes
name something about a cartoon character that might be brightly colored	skin
name a time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest	at work
name a time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest	midnight
name a time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest	while driving
name a time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest	mad
name a time you shouldn't send a text message to your love interest	when drinking
name something people do while telling a lie that gives them away.	no eye contact
name something people do while telling a lie that gives them away.	stutter
name something people do while telling a lie that gives them away.	sweating
name something people do while telling a lie that gives them away.	smile/nervous laugh
name something people do while telling a lie that gives them away.	red face
name something you'd hate to find floating in your coffee	bug
name something you'd hate to find floating in your coffee	hair
name something you'd hate to find floating in your coffee	food crumb
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	blemish
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	scar
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	bruise
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	wrinkles
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	mole
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	freckles
name something a woman might want to cover up with makeup	hickey
name a word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date.	sour
name a word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date.	old
name a word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date.	rotten
name a word or phrase used to describe milk that's past its expiration date.	curdled
name something you never leave unlocked. (more specific than "door".)	car
name something you never leave unlocked. (more specific than "door".)	safe
name something you never leave unlocked. (more specific than "door".)	house
name something you never leave unlocked. (more specific than "door".)	diary
name something that has pineapple in it.	upside down cake
name something that has pineapple in it.	juice
name something that has pineapple in it.	fruit salad
name a reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party	budget cuts
name a reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party	bad weather
name a reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party	going under
name a reason why a workplace might not have their annual christmas party	too busy
name something you do when approached by a salesperson at a store.	avoid them
name something you do when approached by a salesperson at a store.	ask for help
name something you do when approached by a salesperson at a store.	smile
name something you do when approached by a salesperson at a store.	say hi
name something you do when approached by a salesperson at a store.	"just looking"
name a word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued	strike
name a word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued	winner
name a word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued	shake hands
name a word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued	good
name a word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued	score
name a word that they use at a sporting event thats also used on family fued	lost
name something that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot.	bad vision
name something that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot.	fear of flying
name something that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot.	fear of heights
name something that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot.	criminal record
name something that would prevent a person from becoming a pilot.	drinking problem
name something noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark.	not enough food
name something noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark.	animals getting sick
name something noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark.	boat sinking
name something noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark.	leaks
name something noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark.	when rain would end
name something noah might have worried about during his voyage on the ark.	drowning
name an occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio	police officer
name an occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio	trucker
name an occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio	construction
name an occupation in which you'd get to use a two way radio	security guard
name something you need in order to make a garden.	seeds
name something you need in order to make a garden.	soil
name something you need in order to make a garden.	water cooler
name something you need in order to make a garden.	hoe
name something you need in order to make a garden.	shovel
name something you need in order to make a garden.	plot of land
name a rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming	no diving
name a rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming	no running
name a rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming	lifejacket/floaties
name a rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming	hor after eating
name a rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming	no deep water
name a rule a parent might have for when their child goes swimming	stay supervised
name a breakfast item that you order, but can never finish	pancakes
name a breakfast item that you order, but can never finish	omelet
name a breakfast item that you order, but can never finish	coffee
name a breakfast item that you order, but can never finish	grits
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	bar
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	norm
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	woody
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	sam malone
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	frasier crane
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	cliff calvin
name something people remember about the tv show cheers	boston
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	a prince
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	evil stepmothers
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	fairy tails
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	beauty
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	women
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	princesses
name something snow white and cinderella have in common.	cartoons
name a good job to have if you want to get a nice tan	lifeguard
name a good job to have if you want to get a nice tan	tanning salon
name a good job to have if you want to get a nice tan	construction
name a good job to have if you want to get a nice tan	gardener
name something women talk about during a "girls' night out."	dating/relationships
name something women talk about during a "girls' night out."	kids
name something women talk about during a "girls' night out."	work
name something women talk about during a "girls' night out."	clothes
name a halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents	pumkin
name a halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents	bunny
name a halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents	clown
name a halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents	angel
name a halloween costume you see on babies but rarely see on their parents	princess
name something that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada	accent
name something that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada	wearing maple flag
name something that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada	different currency
name something that would lead you to suspect that the person youve just met is from canada	love hockey
name a sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream.	hot sauce
name a sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream.	ketchup
name a sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream.	spaghetti sauce
name a sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream.	barbque sauce
name a sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream.	alfredo
name a sauce you wouldn't put on ice cream.	teriyaki
name an activity that requires moving your hips.	dancing
name an activity that requires moving your hips.	hula hoop
name an activity that requires moving your hips.	running
name an activity that requires moving your hips.	walking
name an activity that requires moving your hips.	tai bo
name an activity that requires moving your hips.	aerobics
name something that president obama has a lot of.	money
name something that president obama has a lot of.	problems
name something that president obama has a lot of.	supporters
name something that president obama has a lot of.	charisma
name something that president obama has a lot of.	security/guards
name something that president obama has a lot of.	opponents
name something that president obama has a lot of.	power
name an occupation that people consider caring.	nurse
name an occupation that people consider caring.	doctor
name an occupation that people consider caring.	teacher
name an occupation that people consider caring.	childcare provider
name something youd see at a gas station	gas pumps
name something youd see at a gas station	cars
name something youd see at a gas station	drinks
name something youd see at a gas station	oil
name something youd see at a gas station	people
name something youd see at a gas station	lottery tickets
name something youd see at a gas station	air pump
name something men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off.	leave seat up
name something men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off.	pee on seat
name something men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off.	don't clean sink
name something men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off.	cut their hair
name something men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off.	leave underware
name something men do in the bathroom that really ticks women off.	read
name something celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do.	sell pictures
name something celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do.	hide them
name something celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do.	big party
name something celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do.	weird names
name something celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do.	hire nanny
name something celebrities do when their children are born that most of us don't do.	give interview
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	breathe
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	smoke
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	walk
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	count to 10
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	eat something
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	meditate
name something you do to calm yourself after becoming very angry	listen to music
name an activity that involves a paddle	ping pong
name an activity that involves a paddle	rowing
name an activity that involves a paddle	paddle ball
name an activity that involves a paddle	racquetball
name an activity that involves a paddle	cricket
name an activity that involves a paddle	frat initiation
name a movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title	mad black woman
name a movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title	diary of ann frank
name a movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title	princess diaries
name a movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title	bridgette jones'
name a movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title	diary of a wimpy kid
name a movie or tv show that has the word diarydiaries in the title	vampire diaries
name something a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts	get dressed
name something a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts	walk red carpet
name something a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts	hair/makeup
name something a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts	interview
name something a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts	take pictures
name something a celeb has to do before an awards ceremony starts	reherse
name a superhero who doesn't fly	spider man
name a superhero who doesn't fly	batman
name a superhero who doesn't fly	flash
name a superhero who doesn't fly	incredible hulk
name a superhero who doesn't fly	robin
name a superhero who doesn't fly	wonder woman
name a food that's often served with wine	cheese
name a food that's often served with wine	meat
name a food that's often served with wine	bread
name a food that's often served with wine	pasta
name something you do right before your picture is taken	smile
name something you do right before your picture is taken	pose
name something you do right before your picture is taken	brush hair
name something you do right before your picture is taken	say cheese
name a gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas	jewelry
name a gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas	car
name a gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas	cash
name a gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas	perfume
name a gift that most women would be thrilled to get for christmas	clothes
name a part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs	lips
name a part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs	heart
name a part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs	eyes
name a part of the body that gets mentioned a lot in romantic songs	hair
name a form of communication that few people use anymore.	written letters
name a form of communication that few people use anymore.	telegraph
name a form of communication that few people use anymore.	phone
name something a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman	kill dinosaur
name something a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman	beat his chest
name something a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman	make fire
name something a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman	bring her meat
name something a caveman might do to impress a cavewoman	pull her by the hair
name something a child says when they do something wrong	i'm sorry
name something a child says when they do something wrong	whoops
name something a child says when they do something wrong	uh oh
name something a child says when they do something wrong	i didn't do it
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween.	fangs
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween.	cape
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween.	white makeup
name something you'd need if you wanted to dress as a vampire for halloween.	fake blood
name a food that you might need help removing the lid from	pickles
name a food that you might need help removing the lid from	jelly
name a food that you might need help removing the lid from	peanut butter
name a food that you might need help removing the lid from	mayonnaise
name a new year's tv host.	dick clark
name a new year's tv host.	regis philbin
name a new year's tv host.	carson daly
name a new year's tv host.	ryan seacrest
name a new year's tv host.	jay leno
name a new year's tv host.	casey kasem
name something people do while they're gambling.	drink
name something people do while they're gambling.	lose money
name something people do while they're gambling.	smoke
name something people do while they're gambling.	play cards
name something people do while they're gambling.	scream
name something people do while they're gambling.	sweat
name a reason you might look forward to november	thanksgiving
name a reason you might look forward to november	sales
name a reason you might look forward to november	turkey
name a reason you might look forward to november	christmas decoration
name a reason you might look forward to november	vacation
name a reason you might look forward to november	cooler weather
name a reason you might look forward to november	family gets together
name something guests do at a wedding reception	eat
name something guests do at a wedding reception	dance
name something guests do at a wedding reception	drink
name something guests do at a wedding reception	throw rice
name something guests do at a wedding reception	talk
name something guests do at a wedding reception	cry
name something guests do at a wedding reception	congratulate
name someone famous who plays the piano.	sir elton john
name someone famous who plays the piano.	stevie wonder
name someone famous who plays the piano.	liberace
name someone famous who plays the piano.	ray charles
name someone famous who plays the piano.	beethoven
name someone famous who plays the piano.	billy joel
name something that happens to people when they get embarrassed.	blush
name something that happens to people when they get embarrassed.	cry
name something that happens to people when they get embarrassed.	sweat
name something that happens to people when they get embarrassed.	giggle
name a type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city.	hoagie
name a type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city.	ham
name a type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city.	cheese steak
name a type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city.	pastrami
name a type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city.	meatball
name a type of sandwich you'd expect to see in new york city.	reuben
name something a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training	blankey
name something a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training	crayons
name something a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training	lunchbox
name something a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training	teddy bear
name something a soldier took to the first day of kindergarten that they wouldnt take to their first day of training	parent
name something people are said to "break."	legs
name something people are said to "break."	hearts
name something people are said to "break."	glass
name something people are said to "break."	promise
name something people are said to "break."	rules
name something people are said to "break."	the bank
name something people are said to "break."	habbits
name a reason your cell phone might stop working.	dead battery
name a reason your cell phone might stop working.	out of range
name a reason your cell phone might stop working.	didn't pay bill
name a reason your cell phone might stop working.	wet
name something a zombie might see a doctor about	green skin
name something a zombie might see a doctor about	no pulse
name something a zombie might see a doctor about	insomnia
name something a zombie might see a doctor about	bloody sores
name something a zombie might see a doctor about	falling apart
name something a zombie might see a doctor about	odd appetite
name something youd probably see at a construction site	men
name something youd probably see at a construction site	hard hats
name something youd probably see at a construction site	tractors
name something youd probably see at a construction site	big trucks
name something youd probably see at a construction site	bulldozer
name something youd probably see at a construction site	hammers
name something youd probably see at a construction site	wood
name a part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap.	kitchen
name a part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap.	basement
name a part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap.	garage
name a part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap.	dining room
name a part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap.	bedroom
name a part of the house where you're most likely to set a mousetrap.	bathroom
name something a person might do while eating breakfast.	read
name something a person might do while eating breakfast.	watch tv
name something a person might do while eating breakfast.	listen to radio
name something a person might do while eating breakfast.	drink coffee
name something a person might do while eating breakfast.	drink juice
name something a person might do while eating breakfast.	talk
name something you do at an office holiday party.	drink
name something you do at an office holiday party.	eat
name something you do at an office holiday party.	talk
name something you do at an office holiday party.	exchange gifts
name something you do at an office holiday party.	dance
name something you do at an office holiday party.	sing
name something kids are afraid to get from their teacher	bad grade
name something kids are afraid to get from their teacher	detention
name something kids are afraid to get from their teacher	homework
name something kids are afraid to get from their teacher	test
name something kids are afraid to get from their teacher	letter sent home
name something millionaires might shop for just for fun	cars
name something millionaires might shop for just for fun	clothes
name something millionaires might shop for just for fun	houses
name something millionaires might shop for just for fun	jewlery
name something millionaires might shop for just for fun	plane
name something millionaires might shop for just for fun	boat
name something a man might do at the gym to impress a woman	lift weights
name something a man might do at the gym to impress a woman	flex
name something a man might do at the gym to impress a woman	take off shirt
name someone who might work at a mansion.	maid
name someone who might work at a mansion.	butler
name someone who might work at a mansion.	cook
name someone who might work at a mansion.	gardener
name someone who might work at a mansion.	chauffeur
name something you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi	bar of soap
name something you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi	wash cloth/loofah
name something you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi	bubble bath/salts
name something you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi	shampoo
name something you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi	rubber ducky
name something you use in the bathtub, that you'd look silly bringing into a jacuzzi	razor
name a reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian.	turning green
name a reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian.	ears grow
name a reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian.	growing antennas
name a reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian.	eyes get bigger
name a reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian.	glowing
name a reason you might suspect you're becoming a martian.	can't speak
name something a woman calls a party's host to ask	what time
name something a woman calls a party's host to ask	what to wear
name something a woman calls a party's host to ask	what to bring
name something a woman calls a party's host to ask	directions
name a reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender.	anniversary
name a reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender.	baby due
name a reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender.	trying for a baby
name a reason a couple may keep a close watch on a calender.	wedding day
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	baked potato
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	salad
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	fries
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	wine
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	beer
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	steak sauce
name something that goes well with a juicy steak	mushrooms
name a fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign	mcdonalds
name a fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign	burger king
name a fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign	taco bell
name a fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign	kfc
name a fast food restaurant people would recognize by their sign	pizza hut
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	tie a knot
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	build a fire
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	camping
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	swim
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	take an oath
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	pitch a tent
name something you might learn how to do in the boy scouts	wilderness survival
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	spoon
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	shirt
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	key chain
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	coffee cups
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	glasses
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	plates
name a souvenir people collect that has a citys name on it	ashtray
name something a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents.	sleep
name something a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents.	exercise
name something a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents.	talk on the phone
name something a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents.	stay up
name something a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents.	watch tv
name something a teen can do for longer amounts of time than their parents.	play video games
name a good gift for a lifeguard.	sunscreen
name a good gift for a lifeguard.	bathing suit
name a good gift for a lifeguard.	whistle
name a good gift for a lifeguard.	sunglasses
name a good gift for a lifeguard.	bullhorn
name a good gift for a lifeguard.	life preserver
name something people do to make their breath smell good.	brush teeth
name something people do to make their breath smell good.	mints/gum
name something people do to make their breath smell good.	mouthwash
name something people do to make their breath smell good.	floss
name something people do to make their breath smell good.	breath spray
name a specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper	free animals
name a specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper	don't feed animals
name a specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper	animal cruelty
name a specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper	sleep on job
name a specific reason youd get fired from your job as a zookeeper	show up late
name a reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class	poor vision
name a reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class	in trouble
name a reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class	teacher's pet
name a reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class	hear better
name a reason why a student might be moved to the front of the class	attractive teacher
name a place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker	hospital
name a place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker	airport
name a place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker	school
name a place where you hear people being paged over a loudspeaker	store
name something you would change if you could in your life	job
name something you would change if you could in your life	salary
name something you would change if you could in your life	weight
name something you would change if you could in your life	age
name something you would change if you could in your life	looks
name something you would change if you could in your life	name
name something you would change if you could in your life	marriage
name something a magician might make disappear	rabbit
name something a magician might make disappear	assistant/spectator
name something a magician might make disappear	bird
name something a magician might make disappear	money
name something a magician might make disappear	flowers
name something a magician might make disappear	her/himself
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	natural disaster
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	romance
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	just for fun
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	moving
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	fight with spouse
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	remodeling
name a reason why you might stay in a hotel in your own city	getting married
name the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size.	shoes/booties
name the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size.	diapers
name the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size.	onesie/pajamas
name the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size.	t-shirt
name the article of babies' clothing that grown adults are most shocked by when seeing its tiny size.	bib
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	violin
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	piano
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	guitar
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	harp
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	drums
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	french horn
name the hardest musical instrument to learn how to play	flute
name a place you hate to see litter.	park
name a place you hate to see litter.	beach
name a place you hate to see litter.	roadside
name a place you hate to see litter.	yard
name a place you hate to see litter.	schoolyard
name a pet that makes a good holiday gift.	dog
name a pet that makes a good holiday gift.	kitten
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	secret garden
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	top secret
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	secret agent
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	secret admirer/ lover
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	secret service
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	secret santa
name a word phrase that includes the word secret	secret society
name something a kid's moustache is often made of	milk
name something a kid's moustache is often made of	fake hair
name something a kid's moustache is often made of	marker/pen
name something a kid's moustache is often made of	plastic
name something a kid's moustache is often made of	kool aid
name something a kid's moustache is often made of	ketchup
name something that can make you look older than your age	make up
name something that can make you look older than your age	wrinkles
name something that can make you look older than your age	hair style/ color
name something that can make you look older than your age	smoking
name something that can make you look older than your age	clothes
name something that can make you look older than your age	sun
name something that can make you look older than your age	facial hair
name something that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has.	consession stand
name something that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has.	seats
name something that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has.	screen
name something that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has.	bathroom
name something that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has.	movies
name something that every movie theatre, fancy or not, has.	customers
name a song made famous by the beach boys.	california girls
name a song made famous by the beach boys.	surfin usa
name something you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice	clean
name something you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice	homework
name something you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice	go to bed
name something you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice	brush teeth
name something you wish your kids would do without having to be told twice	listen
name a reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good").	good grades
name a reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good").	birthday
name a reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good").	good behavior
name a reason that a child might get taken out for ice cream (more specific than "good").	upset
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	tv
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	refrigerator
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	toilet
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	stove
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	computer
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	washing machine
name something in your house that youd hate to find wasnt working	phone
name something you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip.	shopping trip
name something you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip.	money
name something you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip.	coupons
name something you need to have along for an effective grocery store trip.	cart
name a word that polite people use often.	please
name a word that polite people use often.	thanks
name a word that polite people use often.	pardon/excure me
name a word that polite people use often.	sorry
name something a stalker and a detective both do	spy on people
name something a stalker and a detective both do	follow people
name something a stalker and a detective both do	snoop for info
name something a stalker and a detective both do	take pictures
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	queen
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	balloons
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	float
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	football game
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	dresses
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	limos
name something you might see at a high school homecoming	king
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	map/ gps
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	money
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	snacks
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	change of clothes
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	cell phone
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	family/ friends
name something you would hate to go on a road trip without	music
name something thats often served with cheese at a party	crackers
name something thats often served with cheese at a party	wine
name something thats often served with cheese at a party	bread
name something thats often served with cheese at a party	meat
name a part of the body that often itches.	head
name a part of the body that often itches.	back
name a part of the body that often itches.	nose
name someone who has/had many followers.	jesus
name someone who has/had many followers.	gandhi
name someone who has/had many followers.	president bush
name someone who has/had many followers.	martin luther king, jr.
name someone who has/had many followers.	moses
name someone who has/had many followers.	dalai lama
name a job where you get to play with dolls all day.	toy store
name a job where you get to play with dolls all day.	toy maker
name a job where you get to play with dolls all day.	child care
name a job where you get to play with dolls all day.	puppeteer
name something you can buy in a cordless version	telephone
name something you can buy in a cordless version	shaver
name something you can buy in a cordless version	drill
name something you can buy in a cordless version	screwdriver
name something people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box.	car
name something people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box.	love
name something people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box.	bike
name something people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box.	pet
name something people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box.	house
name something people want for christmas, that can't be put in a box.	world peace
name something you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat	pool
name something you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat	bar/restaurant
name something you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat	casino
name something you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat	beds
name something you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat	entertainment
name something you'd find on a cruise ship, but not on a regular boat	staff
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	mickey mouse
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	charlie brown
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	bart simpson
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	bugs bunny
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	dennis the menace
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	lisa simpson
name a cartoon character who never seems to get any older	scooby doo
name something at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy.	merry go round
name something at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy.	swing
name something at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy.	see saw
name something at a playground that you'd never go on while queasy.	slide
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	money
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	hair
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	time
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	muscles
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	love
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	energy
name something a woman might wish her husband had more of.	patience
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	not paying attention
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	busy talking
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	cell phone
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	speeding
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	radio is on
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	in the wrong lane
name a reason why someone might miss their exit while driving on a freeway.	weather
name something you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater	beer
name something you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater	fans
name something you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater	hot dogs
name something you find more of at a sporting event than at a movie theater	yelling
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	fruit
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	yogurt
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	dry toast
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	cereal
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	slim fast
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	bran muffins
name something a person on a diet might eat for breakfast.	breakfast bar
name an article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move	coat
name an article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move	jeans
name an article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move	girdle
name an article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move	tights
name an article of clothing that makes you feel like you cant move	snowsuit
name something a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink	cut them off
name something a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink	call a cab
name something a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink	take their keys
name something a bartender does with a customer whos had too much to drink	kick them out
name something people do on ice	skate
name something people do on ice	play hockey
name something people do on ice	fall down
name something people do on ice	ice fish
name something people do on ice	walk
name something you can do on even the oldest of computers	word processing
name something you can do on even the oldest of computers	e mail
name something you can do on even the oldest of computers	print
name something you can do on even the oldest of computers	play solitaire
name something you can do on even the oldest of computers	use calculator
name an occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial.	doctor
name an occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial.	lawyer
name an occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial.	actor
name an occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial.	politician
name an occupation in which people often use their middle name or initial.	author
name a type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie	violent crime
name a type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie	explosion/ fire
name a type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie	kidnapping
name a type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie	car crash/ chase
name a type of crisis that usually happens at least once in an action movie	fight
name something a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects.	dolls
name something a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects.	stamps
name something a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects.	action figures
name something a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects.	baseball cards
name something a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects.	comic books
name something a grown man might be embarrassed to admit that he collects.	stuffed animals
name something a teenager couldnt live without	cell phone
name something a teenager couldnt live without	computer
name something a teenager couldnt live without	car
name something a teenager couldnt live without	music
name something a teenager couldnt live without	tv
name something a teenager couldnt live without	money
name something a teenager couldnt live without	clothes
name an activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited	play poker
name an activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited	go to bar
name an activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited	watch sports
name an activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited	golf outing
name an activity some men do with their buddies where wives aren't invited	bachelor party
name something fierce animals have that makes them threatening	sharp teeth
name something fierce animals have that makes them threatening	claws
name something fierce animals have that makes them threatening	roar
name something fierce animals have that makes them threatening	horns
name something fierce animals have that makes them threatening	venom
name something from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents.	report card/grades
name something from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents.	note from teacher
name something from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents.	homework
name something from school that a kid might try to hide from their parents.	detention/discipline
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	harry potter
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	twilight
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	the shining
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	lord of the rings
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	color purple
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	gone with the wind
name a movie that wasn't nearly as good as the book	hitchhikers guide
name something you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping	sleep
name something you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping	cook
name something you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping	eat
name something you usually do indoors but might do outdoors when camping	use bathroom
name something womens magazines give advice on	intimacy
name something womens magazines give advice on	romantic relationships
name something womens magazines give advice on	makeup
name something womens magazines give advice on	hair
name something womens magazines give advice on	keeping fit
name something womens magazines give advice on	fashion
name something people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones.	family
name something people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones.	greetings
name something people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones.	career
name something people write about in their yearly christmas letter to loved ones.	health
name a place in your house that you hardly go into	attic
name a place in your house that you hardly go into	basement
name a place in your house that you hardly go into	closet
name a place in your house that you hardly go into	garage
name something children might get rewarded for	good grades
name something children might get rewarded for	chores
name something children might get rewarded for	good behavior
name something children might get rewarded for	using the toilet
name a game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise?	dodgeball
name a game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise?	tag
name a game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise?	volleyball
name a game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise?	duck duck goose
name a game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise?	ping pong
name a game you played in gym class but doesn't offer much exercise?	bowling
name something a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence.	weapon
name something a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence.	mask
name something a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence.	car
name something a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence.	bags of money
name something a bankrobber wants to get rid of quickly, so it isn't used as evidence.	gloves
name a kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on.	light/sun beam
name a kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on.	laser beam
name a kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on.	roof beam
name a kind of beam you wouldn't want to balance on.	jim beam
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	pimple
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	men
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	bugs
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	cold
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	boomerang
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	bad headache
name something you try to get rid of that always seems to come back	bad habit
name something a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site	real name
name something a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site	address
name something a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site	picture
name something a person running from the law might not put on their social networking site	phone number
name something you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting.	conference table
name something you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting.	executives
name something you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting.	office chairs
name something you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting.	charts/presentation
name something you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting.	coffee/donuts
name something you'd expect to see in a boardroom meeting.	computers/phones
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of heights	window washer
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of heights	pilot/flight attendant
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of heights	construction worker
name a bad job for someone who's afraid of heights	firefighter
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	court
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	place of worship
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	work
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	home
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	police
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	school
name a specific place where it usually doesn't do any good to argue	store
name something in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar.	pet
name something in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar.	refrigerator
name something in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar.	creaky door/window
name something in your house that you might hear in the middle of the night and mistake for a burglar.	another person
name a fictional character with two identities	superman
name a fictional character with two identities	jekyll & hyde
name a fictional character with two identities	batman
name a fictional character with two identities	spiderman
name a fictional character with two identities	hulk
name something a telemarketer tries to sell you.	insurance
name something a telemarketer tries to sell you.	books
name something a telemarketer tries to sell you.	timeshare
name something a telemarketer tries to sell you.	vacations
name something a telemarketer tries to sell you.	phone services
name something a telemarketer tries to sell you.	credit card
name something some women spend a lot of money on just to look good	makeup
name something some women spend a lot of money on just to look good	hair
name something some women spend a lot of money on just to look good	clothes
name something some women spend a lot of money on just to look good	nails
name something some women spend a lot of money on just to look good	plastic surgery
name something some women spend a lot of money on just to look good	gym
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	bride
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	minister
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	rings
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	music
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	flowers
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	groom
name something that no wedding ceremony should be without.	vows
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	straw
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	change
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	napkins
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	ketchup
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	food
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	drink
name something a drivethru worker might forget to give you that would be annoying	receipt
name something specific you might have insured.	car
name something specific you might have insured.	house
name something specific you might have insured.	jewelry
name something specific you might have insured.	life
name something specific you might have insured.	art
name something specific you might have insured.	cell phone
name something specific you might have insured.	computer
name something that parent of a baby is constantly listening for	crying
name something that parent of a baby is constantly listening for	breathing
name something that parent of a baby is constantly listening for	first words
name something that happens to most people but not to santa claus	death
name something that happens to most people but not to santa claus	get old
name something that happens to most people but not to santa claus	traffic problems
name something that happens to most people but not to santa claus	weight loss
name something that happens to most people but not to santa claus	taxation
name something from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly.	fitted sheets
name something from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly.	socks
name something from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly.	underwear
name something from the laundry that's impossible to fold neatly.	blouse
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	use coupons
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	talk
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	write check
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	price check
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	count change
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	read magazines
name something a person does that slows down the checkout line at the supermarket	buy too many items
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	place of worship
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	work
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	police station
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	home
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	parents' house
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	in laws' house
name a place that you wouldnt want to go after having a few to drink	court
name something that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy.	vitamins
name something that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy.	milk
name something that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy.	fruit
name something that a person might consume every morning in order to stay healthy.	orange juice
name something you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter.	skimpy clothes
name something you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter.	car
name something you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter.	dream house
name something you'd buy for your daughter's barbie doll, but probably not for your daughter.	ken/friends
name something you shouldnt do after getting a manicure	wash hands
name something you shouldnt do after getting a manicure	wash dishes
name something you shouldnt do after getting a manicure	drive
name something you shouldnt do after getting a manicure	touch anything
name something you shouldnt do after getting a manicure	eat
name a brand of car that's made in america.	ford
name a brand of car that's made in america.	chevrolet
name a brand of car that's made in america.	cadilac
name a brand of car that's made in america.	buick
name a brand of car that's made in america.	chrysler
name a brand of car that's made in america.	jeep
name something a woman would hate to have the same as someone else	outfit
name something a woman would hate to have the same as someone else	man
name something a woman would hate to have the same as someone else	hairstyle
name something a woman would hate to have the same as someone else	purse
name an animal with sharp teeth.	shark
name an animal with sharp teeth.	tiger
name an animal with sharp teeth.	lion
name an animal with sharp teeth.	dog
name an animal with sharp teeth.	bear
name an animal with sharp teeth.	wolf
name an animal with sharp teeth.	cat
name a job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt.	food server
name a job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt.	salesperson
name a job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt.	doctor
name a job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt.	mechanic
name a job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt.	nurse
name a job where you might have your name on the front of your shirt.	police officer
name something you put on a chicago style hotdog	mustard
name something you put on a chicago style hotdog	reslish
name something you put on a chicago style hotdog	onion
name something you put on a chicago style hotdog	tomato
name something you put on a chicago style hotdog	sauerkraut
name something you put on a chicago style hotdog	cheese
name something oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires.	money
name something oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires.	talk show
name something oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires.	self esteem
name something oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires.	charisma
name something oprah winfrey has that the average woman admires.	style
name a game you need dice to play.	monopoly
name a game you need dice to play.	yatzee
name a game you need dice to play.	craps
name a game you need dice to play.	dungeos & dragons
name a place in their home that people hide money.	under mattress
name a place in their home that people hide money.	dresser drawer
name a place in their home that people hide money.	cookie jar
name a place in their home that people hide money.	closet
name a place in their home that people hide money.	freezer
name an animal that weighs a lot.	elephant
name an animal that weighs a lot.	whale
name an animal that weighs a lot.	bear
name an animal that weighs a lot.	hippopotamous
name an animal that weighs a lot.	lion
name an animal that weighs a lot.	rhinoceros
name something a school wastebasket is probably full of	paper
name something a school wastebasket is probably full of	gum
name something a school wastebasket is probably full of	food wrappers
name something a school wastebasket is probably full of	pencil shavings
name a game a family plays at an annual holiday gathering	charades
name a game a family plays at an annual holiday gathering	pictionary
name something in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal	pet
name something in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal	food
name something in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal	underwear
name something in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal	laundry
name something in a persons house a burglar wouldnt want to steal	trash
name something that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines.	plow the field
name something that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines.	plant seeds
name something that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines.	milk cows
name something that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines.	harvest crops
name something that farmers 100 years ago did by hand, but now do with machines.	water crops
name a famous movie monster you might see in a black and white film.	godzilla
name a famous movie monster you might see in a black and white film.	king kong
name a famous movie monster you might see in a black and white film.	dracula
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	dog
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	pig
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	tiger
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	bear
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	fox
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	cow
name an animal that a person can be referred to as	kitten
name something a plane can't fly without.	wings
name something a plane can't fly without.	engine
name something a plane can't fly without.	fuel
name something a plane can't fly without.	tail
name something a plane can't fly without.	rudder
name a high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a."	gym/health
name a high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a."	home economics
name a high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a."	art
name a high school subject kids might take to get an easy "a."	wood shop
name something you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match.	blood
name something you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match.	violence
name something you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match.	characters
name something you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match.	costumes
name something you see at a wwe match you'd never see at a high school wresting match.	throwing chairs
name a part on a car most people would replace themselves	tire
name a part on a car most people would replace themselves	lightbulb
name a part on a car most people would replace themselves	windshield wipers
name a part on a car most people would replace themselves	spark plugs
name a part on a car most people would replace themselves	battery
name a part on a car most people would replace themselves	air filter
name something drivers often do if they spot a police car up ahead	slow down
name something drivers often do if they spot a police car up ahead	move over
name something drivers often do if they spot a police car up ahead	put seatbelt on
name something that you might find around a pool	lounge chair
name something that you might find around a pool	puddles
name something that you might find around a pool	towels
name something that you might find around a pool	swimmers
name something that you might find around a pool	fence
name something that you might find around a pool	lifeguard
name something that you might find around a pool	diving board
name a product door-to-door salesman used to sell	vacuum cleaner
name a product door-to-door salesman used to sell	cosmetics
name a product door-to-door salesman used to sell	encyclopedia
name a product door-to-door salesman used to sell	bible
name a product door-to-door salesman used to sell	knives
name something a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own.	bathroom
name something a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own.	walking
name something a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own.	bathing
name something a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own.	get out of bed
name something a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own.	eating
name something a patient in a hospital might have trouble doing on his own.	breath
name a kind of pants you cant wear to work	jeans
name a kind of pants you cant wear to work	sweats
name a kind of pants you cant wear to work	leather
name a kind of pants you cant wear to work	stretch pants
name a kind of pants you cant wear to work	pajama pants
name a recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather	swimming
name a recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather	baseball
name a recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather	volleyball
name a recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather	surfing
name a recreational activity traditionally don in hot weather	boating
name something thats not allowed in some hotels	pets
name something thats not allowed in some hotels	smoking
name something thats not allowed in some hotels	children
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	earwax
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	carwax
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	beeswax
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	wax museum
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	hot wax
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	wax paper
name a word you might see before or after the word "wax"	candle wax
name something kids get in trouble for throwing	food
name something kids get in trouble for throwing	football/baseball
name something kids get in trouble for throwing	snowballs
name something kids get in trouble for throwing	stones
name something kids get in trouble for throwing	tantrum
name something kids get in trouble for throwing	spitballs
name something in cars now that you cant believe people once went without	stereo
name something in cars now that you cant believe people once went without	gps
name something in cars now that you cant believe people once went without	air conditioning
name something in cars now that you cant believe people once went without	seat belts
name something in cars now that you cant believe people once went without	air bags
name a drink that you might stir	coffee
name a drink that you might stir	tea
name a drink that you might stir	martini
name a drink that you might stir	chocolate milk
name a drink that you might stir	kool aid
name a color some men never wear	pink
name a color some men never wear	purple
name a color some men never wear	yellow
name a color some men never wear	red
name something specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad	have a temper tantrum
name something specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad	run around
name something specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad	cry
name something specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad	eat candy
name something specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad	scream
name something specific a child might do in a store to make mom mad	hide
name a specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance.	wash dishes
name a specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance.	take out trash
name a specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance.	clean room
name a specific chore kids do in order to get an allowance.	mow lawn
name a popular children's food that's sold in cups	jell o
name a popular children's food that's sold in cups	ice cream
name a popular children's food that's sold in cups	fruit
name a popular children's food that's sold in cups	yogurt
name a popular children's food that's sold in cups	apple sauce
name a popular children's food that's sold in cups	mac & cheese
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	night light
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	refrigerator
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	alarm clock
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	central air
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	tv
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	radio
name something in a person's house that's left on all night.	computer
name something that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie	blood
name something that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie	love scenes
name something that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie	scenery
name something that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie	acting
name something that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie	monsters
name something that you can tell is fake in a cheesy movie	fight scenes
name something that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do	fight
name something that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do	party
name something that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do	date right away
name something that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do	go public
name something that stars do during a divorce that you wouldnt do	sue for large sums
name someone in your life who loves you unconditionally	mother
name someone in your life who loves you unconditionally	dog
name someone in your life who loves you unconditionally	partner
name someone in your life who loves you unconditionally	kids
name something college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms.	bathroom
name something college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms.	their room
name something college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms.	refrigerator
name something college freshmen have to start sharing when they live in the dorms.	textbooks
name something dogs are trained to find	illegal substance
name something dogs are trained to find	criminals
name something dogs are trained to find	bones
name something dogs are trained to find	missing people
name something dogs are trained to find	birds
name a movie with the word "dr." in the title.	doctor doolittle
name a movie with the word "dr." in the title.	doctor zhivago
name a movie with the word "dr." in the title.	doctor who
name a movie with the word "dr." in the title.	dr. no
name a movie with the word "dr." in the title.	dr. jekyll/mr. hyde
name something romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre	kiss
name something romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre	hold hands
name something romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre	intimacy
name something romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre	dance
name something romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre	go on dates
name something romantic you hope to still do with your partner when youre	take walks
name something your likely to find at a fall harvest fair	pumpkins
name something your likely to find at a fall harvest fair	corn
name something your likely to find at a fall harvest fair	leaves
name something your likely to find at a fall harvest fair	apples
name something your likely to find at a fall harvest fair	people
name something your likely to find at a fall harvest fair	hay rides
name something you would hate to be wearing when company	robe/pajamas
name something you would hate to be wearing when company	underwear
name something you would hate to be wearing when company	towel
name something you would hate to be wearing when company	birthday suit
name a type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand.	bachelor(ette) party
name a type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand.	college/frat party
name a type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand.	house party
name a type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand.	new years eve
name a type of party that's bound to get a little out of hand.	haloween/costume
name something specific a married couple might take turns doing	dishes
name something specific a married couple might take turns doing	cooking
name something specific a married couple might take turns doing	laundry
name something specific a married couple might take turns doing	watching kids
name something specific a married couple might take turns doing	driving
name a specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while	to bed
name a specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while	to a bar
name a specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while	to a movie
name a specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while	on vacation
name a specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while	to a hotel
name a specific place where parents go to get away from the kids for a while	out for dinner
name something that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing.	dating
name something that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing.	driving
name something that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing.	playing sports
name something that an overprotective parent might forbid their teen from doing.	staying out late
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	snuffleupagus
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	oscar the grouch
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	elmo
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	cookie monster
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	kermit the frog
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	ernie
name someone big bird might invite to his birthday party	gordon
name something people do to save energy around the house	turn off lights
name something people do to save energy around the house	set thermostat low
name something people do to save energy around the house	use less a/c
name something people do to save energy around the house	efficient bulbs
name something people do to save energy around the house	unplug electronics
name something you dread doing after a snowfall	shoveling
name something you dread doing after a snowfall	driving
name something you dread doing after a snowfall	leaving the house
name something you dread doing after a snowfall	walking
name something a pet might do to its owners shoes	chew/bite them
name something a pet might do to its owners shoes	relieve thenselves
name something a pet might do to its owners shoes	hide them
name something a pet might do to its owners shoes	drool/lick them
name something a pet might do to its owners shoes	smell them
name a club a high school student might belong to	glee club
name a club a high school student might belong to	chess club
name a club a high school student might belong to	debate club
name a club a high school student might belong to	drama
name a club a high school student might belong to	art
name a club a high school student might belong to	foreign language
name someone in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book.	parent
name someone in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book.	significant other
name someone in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book.	ex
name someone in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book.	best friend
name someone in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book.	sibling
name someone in your life who you hope never writes a tell-all book.	son/daughter
name a position played in baseball game.	pitcher
name a position played in baseball game.	catcher
name a position played in baseball game.	shortstop
name a position played in baseball game.	first base
name a position played in baseball game.	batter
name a position played in baseball game.	outfield
name a place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave	bar
name a place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave	mall
name a place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave	jail
name a place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave	casino
name a place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave	church
name a place that, once you enter, it's hard to leave	party
name an occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit.	wedding
name an occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit.	easter
name an occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit.	halloween
name an occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit.	church
name an occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit.	christmas
name an occasion where parents force their child to wear a certain outfit.	school picture day
name something that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed.	sick
name something that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed.	snoring
name something that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed.	gas
name something that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed.	cold feet
name something that would keep you from snuggling up to your spouse in bed.	body odor
name something donald trump probably keeps with him at all times	wallet
name something donald trump probably keeps with him at all times	cell phone
name a job in which youd stand in one place all day	store clerk
name a job in which youd stand in one place all day	bank teller
name a job in which youd stand in one place all day	security guard
name a job in which youd stand in one place all day	toll collecter
name a job in which youd stand in one place all day	factory worker
name someone you might call if you thought your house was haunted.	priest
name someone you might call if you thought your house was haunted.	exorcist
name someone you might call if you thought your house was haunted.	ghost busters
name someone you might call if you thought your house was haunted.	psychic
name someone you might call if you thought your house was haunted.	movers
name someone you might call if you thought your house was haunted.	police
name a scent you'd smell in a barn	manure
name a scent you'd smell in a barn	hay
name a scent you'd smell in a barn	horses/animals
name a scent you'd smell in a barn	oil/gasoline
name something you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult.	name
name something you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult.	hair color
name something you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult.	economic status
name something you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult.	attitude
name something you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult.	nose
name something you can get from your parents, but you can change as an adult.	religion
name something you wish you had in your backyard	swimming pool
name something you wish you had in your backyard	garden
name something you wish you had in your backyard	playground
name something you wish you had in your backyard	hot tub
name something you wish you had in your backyard	pond
name something people do to their hair that makes them look silly.	dye it
name something people do to their hair that makes them look silly.	mohawk
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	freddy krueger
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	hannibal lector
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	jason
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	dracula
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	daffy duck
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	darth vader
name a movie character you would hate to be stuck with in a broken elevator	pee wee herman
name something that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter.	faster editing
name something that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter.	spell check
name something that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter.	printing
name something that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter.	nternet access
name something that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter.	quieter
name something that is different about writing a research paper on a computer than on a typewriter.	screen
name a way you might be able to tell what someone just had for lunch.	breath
name a way you might be able to tell what someone just had for lunch.	burp
name a way you might be able to tell what someone just had for lunch.	stains
name a way you might be able to tell what someone just had for lunch.	crumbs on teeth
name a way you might be able to tell what someone just had for lunch.	they vomit
name a snack that goes great with coffee.	donuts
name a snack that goes great with coffee.	bagel
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	bad breath
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	miss their mouth
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	bump nose/ head
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	cough
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	sneeze
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	burp
name something that can go wrong during a first kiss with someone	bite up
name something a baby learns to do even before it can talk	crawl
name something a baby learns to do even before it can talk	walk
name something a baby learns to do even before it can talk	eating junk
name something a baby learns to do even before it can talk	cry
name something a baby learns to do even before it can talk	smile
name a character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume.	tin man
name a character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume.	lion
name a character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume.	scarecrow
name a character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume.	wicked witch
name a character in the wizard of oz that would require the most elaborate costume.	dorthy
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	cook
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	clean
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	style her hair
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	drive
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	laundry
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	make up
name something youd be surprised to hear that a celebrity did for herself	shop
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	ice cream
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	jell o
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	cookies
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	brownies
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	pie
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	cupcakes
name a dessert you might not serve at a fancy dinner party	donuts
name a topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours	shopping
name a topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours	clothes
name a topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours	soap operas
name a topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours	men
name a topic most men can't stand, but women could discuss for hours	hair
name a food that's made from corn.	popcorn
name a food that's made from corn.	corn bread
name a food that's made from corn.	tortillas/chips
name a food that's made from corn.	cornflakes/cereal
name a food that's made from corn.	grits
name something a child might sleep with.	teddy bear
name something a child might sleep with.	blanket
name something a child might sleep with.	pillow
name something a child might sleep with.	parents
name something a child might sleep with.	doll
name something a child might sleep with.	night light
name something a child might sleep with.	pacifier
name something that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do	drive/heavy equipment
name something that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do	drink
name something that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do	overdose
name something that a pill bottle warning might tell you not to do	take without eating
name something thats dangerous to do onehanded	drive
name something thats dangerous to do onehanded	cook
name something thats dangerous to do onehanded	ride a bike
name something thats dangerous to do onehanded	cut/carve
name something thats dangerous to do onehanded	swim
name something thats dangerous to do onehanded	use tools
name a good place to put your hands while kissing someone	their face
name a good place to put your hands while kissing someone	around their neck
name a good place to put your hands while kissing someone	their hips
name a good place to put your hands while kissing someone	their back
name a good place to put your hands while kissing someone	their shoulders
name a game in which small children have an advantage over adults	hide and seek
name a game in which small children have an advantage over adults	tag
name a game in which small children have an advantage over adults	twister
name a game in which small children have an advantage over adults	limbo
name a characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home.	drunk people
name a characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home.	smoke
name a characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home.	loud
name a characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home.	dark
name a characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home.	fights
name a characteristic of a pub that you wouldn't want for your home.	crowded
name a reason why a child might not want long hair	hot
name a reason why a child might not want long hair	tangles
name a reason why a child might not want long hair	looks like a girl
name a reason why a child might not want long hair	hard to wash
name a reason why a child might not want long hair	in their eyes
name the age at which a man may get thick around the middle	30
name the age at which a man may get thick around the middle	35
name the age at which a man may get thick around the middle	40
name the age at which a man may get thick around the middle	45
name the age at which a man may get thick around the middle	50
name a reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band	too loud
name a reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band	not romantic
name a reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band	too expensive
name a reason why you wouldn't want metallica as your wedding band	parents disapprove
name something that gets delivered to your door.	mail
name something that gets delivered to your door.	pizza
name something that gets delivered to your door.	newspaper
name something that gets delivered to your door.	package
name something that gets delivered to your door.	flowers
name something that gets delivered to your door.	milk
name someone who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family.	mistress/lover
name someone who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family.	ex
name someone who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family.	pet
name someone who could show up in a will that would be a big surprise to the deceased's family.	unknown child
name something you can test in the store before buying it	perfume
name something you can test in the store before buying it	tv
name something you can test in the store before buying it	clothes/shoes
name something you can test in the store before buying it	computer
name something you can test in the store before buying it	cd
name a food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness	pasta
name a food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness	ice cream
name a food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness	chocolate/ desserts
name a food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness	sloppy joe
name a food parents are afraid to give their children due to its messiness	pizza
name a reason why a boss calls an employee into his office	getting let go
name a reason why a boss calls an employee into his office	promotion/raise
name a reason why a boss calls an employee into his office	lateness
name a reason why a boss calls an employee into his office	warning/reprimand
name a reason why a boss calls an employee into his office	have a meeting
name a button you'd find on a video camera	record
name a button you'd find on a video camera	play
name a button you'd find on a video camera	power
name a button you'd find on a video camera	pause
name a button you'd find on a video camera	rewind
name a button you'd find on a video camera	eject
name a button you'd find on a video camera	stop
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	dark sunglasses
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	the way they dress
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	haircut
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	with the president
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	have an earpiece
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	they're quiet
name a way you might know someone is in the secret service	id card
name something people lie about in an internet chatroom.	their age
name something people lie about in an internet chatroom.	their looks
name something people lie about in an internet chatroom.	how much they weigh
name something people lie about in an internet chatroom.	occupation
name something people lie about in an internet chatroom.	marital status
name something people lie about in an internet chatroom.	gender
name a movie that is based on a true story.	titanic
name a movie that is based on a true story.	social network
name a movie that is based on a true story.	blind side
name a movie that is based on a true story.	milk
name a movie that is based on a true story.	malcolm x
name a movie that is based on a true story.	kings speech
name a movie that is based on a true story.	pearl harbor
name an expense on a business trip that the company would be expected to reimburse.	hotel
name an expense on a business trip that the company would be expected to reimburse.	food
name something both a logger and a rock star wear	boots
name something both a logger and a rock star wear	hat
name something both a logger and a rock star wear	jeans
name something both a logger and a rock star wear	flannel shirt
name something both a logger and a rock star wear	sunglasses
name something at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled	drink
name something at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled	ketchup
name something at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled	bread basket
name something at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled	salp/pepper
name something at a restaurant that might keep getting refilled	salad bowl
name someone in her life that a woman might have a crush on?	teacher
name someone in her life that a woman might have a crush on?	boss
name someone in her life that a woman might have a crush on?	friend
name someone in her life that a woman might have a crush on?	doctor
name someone in her life that a woman might have a crush on?	neighbor
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	texting/phone
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	sleeping
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	clean litter box
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	watching tv
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	internet
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	video games
name something that teenagers spend more time doing than adults	shopping
name a job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice.	telemarketer
name a job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice.	singer
name a job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice.	customer service
name a job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice.	news reporter
name a job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice.	radio broadcaster
name a job where you could claim disability if you lost your voice.	oporator
name an ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add	sugar
name an ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add	flour
name an ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add	eggs
name an ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add	butter
name an ingredient that cookies would taste terrible if you forgot to add	salt
name something you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach	shoes
name something you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach	car
name something you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach	hair
name something you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach	bathing suit
name something you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach	food
name something you try to avoid getting sand in while at the beach	eyes
name a good occupation for someone who likes to be the center of attention	actor
name a good occupation for someone who likes to be the center of attention	singer
name a good occupation for someone who likes to be the center of attention	teacher
name a good occupation for someone who likes to be the center of attention	model
name a good occupation for someone who likes to be the center of attention	politician
name a food that can be eaten directly from its container.	ice cream
name a food that can be eaten directly from its container.	yogurt
name a food that can be eaten directly from its container.	chips
name a food that can be eaten directly from its container.	tuna
name a food that can be eaten directly from its container.	soup
name a food that can be eaten directly from its container.	peanut butter
name something people might have to do at traffic school.	learn how to drive
name something people might have to do at traffic school.	take driving test
name something people might have to do at traffic school.	learn rules of road
name something people might have to do at traffic school.	watch videos
name something people might have to do at traffic school.	read a book
name something people might have to do at traffic school.	take notes
name a type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring?	opera
name a type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring?	broadway/play
name a type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring?	wedding
name a type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring?	symphony
name a type of event that adults dress up to go to but kids would find boring?	ballet
name a service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house.	room service
name a service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house.	house keeping
name a service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house.	massage
name a service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house.	laundry
name a service a hotel provides that you with you had at your house.	valet
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	build a shelter
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	find food
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	find fresh water
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	pray
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	cry
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	build a fire
name the first thing you would do if you were stranded on a deserted island	explore
name a type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track.	news
name a type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track.	soap opera
name a type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track.	reality tv
name a type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track.	talk show
name a type of tv show that you can't imagine having an audience laugh track.	crime drama
name a sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with	boxing
name a sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with	football
name a sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with	hockey
name a sports whose athletes you'd least like to get in a fight with	wrestling
name something you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail.	stamp
name something you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail.	signature
name something you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail.	address
name something you include on a letter, but not on an e-mail.	salutation/ greeting
name something in your wallet that might be used for an id	driver's license
name something in your wallet that might be used for an id	social security
name something in your wallet that might be used for an id	school id
name something in your wallet that might be used for an id	credit card
name something in your wallet that might be used for an id	business card
name something people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead.	clean
name something people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead.	read
name something people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead.	paperwork
name something people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead.	bake
name something people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead.	exercise
name something people mean to do in their spare time, but end up watching tv instead.	nap
name a phone company that offers low long distance rates	at&t
name a phone company that offers low long distance rates	sprint
name a phone company that offers low long distance rates	mci
name a phone company that offers low long distance rates	vonage
name something that you write out by hand, instead of type.	letter/card
name something that you write out by hand, instead of type.	check
name something that you write out by hand, instead of type.	signature
name something that you write out by hand, instead of type.	grocery list
name a reason a casino dealer might complain about someone at their table	cheating
name a reason a casino dealer might complain about someone at their table	drunk
name a reason a casino dealer might complain about someone at their table	smoking
name a reason a casino dealer might complain about someone at their table	winning too much
name a reason a casino dealer might complain about someone at their table	loud
name a reason a casino dealer might complain about someone at their table	rude
name something you can buy in the paper products aisle at the supermarket.	paper towels
name something you can buy in the paper products aisle at the supermarket.	plates
name a sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy.	golf
name a sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy.	tennis
name a sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy.	soccer
name a sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy.	ping pong
name a sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy.	swimming
name a sport that a tough guy might think is wimpy.	bowling
name something a child asks for just to delay his bedtime	drink
name something a child asks for just to delay his bedtime	bedtime story
name something a child asks for just to delay his bedtime	snacks
name something a child asks for just to delay his bedtime	hug/kiss
name something for which a police officer might give you a ticket	speeding
name something for which a police officer might give you a ticket	parking
name something for which a police officer might give you a ticket	running red light
name something for which a police officer might give you a ticket	no seatbelt
name something for which a police officer might give you a ticket	jaywalking
name a a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun	ball and chain
name a a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun	tie the knot
name a a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun	hitched
name a a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun	tied down
name a gift that works well as a stocking stuffer	candy
name a gift that works well as a stocking stuffer	socks
name a gift that works well as a stocking stuffer	cd
name a gift that works well as a stocking stuffer	dvd
name a gift that works well as a stocking stuffer	jewelry
name a gift that works well as a stocking stuffer	toothbrush
name a meal that someone who loves cheese would eat often	pizza
name a meal that someone who loves cheese would eat often	mac and cheese
name a meal that someone who loves cheese would eat often	grilled cheese
name a meal that someone who loves cheese would eat often	lasagna
name a professional that charges you for advice.	therapist
name a professional that charges you for advice.	attorney
name a professional that charges you for advice.	doctor
name a professional that charges you for advice.	psychic
name a reason a couple might not want to have kids	expensive
name a reason a couple might not want to have kids	too old
name a reason a couple might not want to have kids	focus on career
name a reason a couple might not want to have kids	not married
name a reason a couple might not want to have kids	too young
name something a couple starts fighting about once they move in together	money
name something a couple starts fighting about once they move in together	space
name something a couple starts fighting about once they move in together	cleaning
name something a couple starts fighting about once they move in together	bathroom
name something a couple starts fighting about once they move in together	tv
name something a truck driver might have to go without for a while.	bathroom break
name something a truck driver might have to go without for a while.	comfortable bed
name something a truck driver might have to go without for a while.	a meal
name something a truck driver might have to go without for a while.	intimacy
name something a truck driver might have to go without for a while.	a bath
name something a truck driver might have to go without for a while.	home
name a really big state.	texas
name a really big state.	california
name a really big state.	alaska
name a really big state.	new york
name a really big state.	florida
name something people take along to make a long car ride go faster.	music
name something people take along to make a long car ride go faster.	reading matereal
name something people take along to make a long car ride go faster.	games
name something people take along to make a long car ride go faster.	snacks
name something people take along to make a long car ride go faster.	tv/movie
name something you might wash everyday	hands
name something you might wash everyday	hair
name something you might wash everyday	face
name something you might wash everyday	body
name a type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground	gummy worms
name a type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground	rock candy
name a type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground	pop rocks
name a type of candy that sounds like something youd dig up from the ground	mounds
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	smoke
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	pass gas
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	sneeze
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	talk
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	kiss
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	stand too close
name something you wish people wouldn't do in an elevator.	cough
name something your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one	car
name something your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one	tv
name something your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one	socks
name something your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one	sweater
name something your grandma might repair when it gets old but you just buy a new one	shoes
name an animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to	pig
name an animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to	elephant
name an animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to	cow
name an animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to	monkey
name an animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to	dog
name an animal that it'd be unflattering to be compared to	whale
name a reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit.	wedding
name a reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit.	church
name a reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit.	prom
name a reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit.	funeral
name a reason a teenaged boy would have for wearing a suit.	graduation
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	black and white
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	has knobs
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	no remote control
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	doesn't work
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	small screen
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	fuzzy picture
name a sign that you television is over 40 years old	console cabinet
name something that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without	watch tv
name something that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without	talk on the phone
name something that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without	sleep
name something that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without	eat
name something that people with roommates do more of in their bedroom than people without	read/study
name something a bird watcher carries with them	binoculars
name something a bird watcher carries with them	camara
name something a bird watcher carries with them	bird book
name something a bird watcher carries with them	notepad
name something a bird watcher carries with them	bread
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	offortune
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	third wheel
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	squeaky wheel
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	wheelbarrow
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	big wheel
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	spin the wheel
name an expression that contains the word "wheel".	fifth wheel
name a breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about.	lab
name a breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about.	poodle
name a breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about.	collie
name a breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about.	golden retriever
name a breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about.	dachshund
name a breed of dog that you're doggone nuts about.	beagle
name something you see in every public bathroom.	toilet
name something you see in every public bathroom.	sink
name a tropical island.	send us your answers!
name a tropical island.	hawaii
name an accessory people buy for their computer.	ipod
name an accessory people buy for their computer.	printer
name an accessory people buy for their computer.	mouse
name something that has a ring around it.	finger
name something that has a ring around it.	tub
name a holiday when people have parties.	christmas
name a holiday when people have parties.	july fourth
name a holiday when people have parties.	4th of july
name a holiday when people have parties.	thanksgiving
name a way people might greet each other	shake hands
name a way people might greet each other	kiss
name a musical instrument with a mournful sound.	violin
name a musical instrument with a mournful sound.	saxophone
name a musical instrument with a mournful sound.	oboe
name a musical instrument with a mournful sound.	cello
name a musical instrument with a mournful sound.	trumpet
name a musical instrument with a mournful sound.	harp
name something a king has that the average person doesn't.	crown
name something a king has that the average person doesn't.	castle
name something that some people steal from restaurants	silverware
name something that some people steal from restaurants	food
name something a kid might complain about at summer camp.	food
name something a kid might complain about at summer camp.	bugs
name something a kid might complain about at summer camp.	home sick
name something a kid might complain about at summer camp.	too hot
name something a kid might complain about at summer camp.	poisonivy
name something a kid might complain about at summer camp.	loneliness
name something that lives underground.	mole
name something that lives underground.	worm
name a reason a kid might have to raise his hand up in class.	washroom
name a reason a kid might have to raise his hand up in class.	ask question
name a sport where the players don't wear a helmet.	basketball
name a sport where the players don't wear a helmet.	tennis
name a sport where the players don't wear a helmet.	golf
name a celebrity who's served time in the slammer.	paris hilton
name a celebrity who's served time in the slammer.	oj simpson
name a celebrity who's served time in the slammer.	robert downe
name a celebrity who's served time in the slammer.	martha stewart
name a celebrity who's served time in the slammer.	mike tyson
name a celebrity who's served time in the slammer.	gary busey
name something you're expected to do if you're attending a wedding.	bring a gift
name something you're expected to do if you're attending a wedding.	dress well
name a london tube line.	northern
name a london tube line.	central
name a london tube line.	piccadilly
name a london tube line.	bakerloo
name a london tube line.	district
name a london tube line.	jubilee
name something a sailor has to worry about crashing into.	iceberg
name something a sailor has to worry about crashing into.	dock
name something that has a label.	clothes
name something that has a label.	food
name something that has a label.	jam
name something that has a label.	bottle
name a type of music you'd probably never hear at a retirement home.	rap
name a type of music you'd probably never hear at a retirement home.	rock
name a pet that doesn't require much maintenance.	fish
name a pet that doesn't require much maintenance.	dog
name a pet that doesn't require much maintenance.	cat
name a pet that doesn't require much maintenance.	bird
name a pet that doesn't require much maintenance.	turtle
name an activity that could cause a heart attack.	running
name an activity that could cause a heart attack.	shoveling snow
name an activity that could cause a heart attack.	skydiving
name an activity that could cause a heart attack.	over exertion
name an activity that could cause a heart attack.	over eating
name an activity that could cause a heart attack.	bungee jumping
name something you do at an office party.	drink
name something you do at an office party.	exchange gifts
name something you do at an office party.	dance
name something a man might do in his sleep that his wife might think is cute.	talk
name something a man might do in his sleep that his wife might think is cute.	snore
name a job where you might have to watch a monitor.	security
name a job where you might have to watch a monitor.	tv editor
name a musical instrument you blow into.	trumpet
name a musical instrument you blow into.	sax
name something you'd do if you were on vacation in florida	swim
name something you'd do if you were on vacation in florida	disneyworld
name something you'd do if you were on vacation in florida	go to the beach
name a kind of bird you might see in your backyard.	blue jay
name a kind of bird you might see in your backyard.	sparrow
name a kind of bird you might see in your backyard.	hummingbird
name a place kids might go if they skipped school.	send us your answers!
name a place kids might go if they skipped school.	mall
name something you might find at a circus.	acrobat
name something you might find at a circus.	clown
name something you might find at a circus.	elephants
name something you might find at a circus.	juggler
name a good birthday gift for a kid who wants to be a cowboy.	hat
name a good birthday gift for a kid who wants to be a cowboy.	boots
name something you might buy at a bakery.	send us your answers!
name something you might buy at a bakery.	cake
name something you might buy at a bakery.	pie
name something people drink beer out of.	bottles
name something people drink beer out of.	mug
name a sexy car.	porsche
name a sexy car.	lamborghini
name a sexy car.	corvette
name a sexy car.	jaguar
name a sexy car.	ferrari
name a sport that gets fans into a frenzy.	football
name a sport that gets fans into a frenzy.	baseball
name a sport that gets fans into a frenzy.	basketball
name something you would find at a kid's birthday.	cake
name something you would find at a kid's birthday.	clown
name an occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes.	lawyer
name an occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes.	doctor
name an occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes.	undertaker
name an occupation whose members make their living on other people's misfortunes.	insurance company
name something that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented.	motorcycles
name something that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented.	rap music
name something that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented.	jack hammers
name something that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented.	loud speakers
name something that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented.	vacuum cleaners
name something that's so noisy, you wish it had never been invented.	leaf blowers
name something you might buy that has instructions printed in several languages.	tv
name something you might buy that has instructions printed in several languages.	phone
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	jay leno
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	regis philbin
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	simon cowell
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	donald trump
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	david letterman
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	jerry seinfeld
name a man that tv has made very, very rich.	aaron spelling
name a famous hotel in las vegas.	caesar's palace
name a famous hotel in las vegas.	mgm grand
name something you know about alcatraz.	prison
name something you know about alcatraz.	island
name a handsome male cartoon character.	superman
name a handsome male cartoon character.	batman
name something you should not take away from a baby unless you enjoy the sound of screaming.	bottle
name something you should not take away from a baby unless you enjoy the sound of screaming.	pacifier
name a tiny creature which frightens big people.	spider
name a tiny creature which frightens big people.	snake
name a brand of beer they sell at ever bar.	budweiser
name a brand of beer they sell at ever bar.	miller
name a specific activity that beginners always look funny doing.	dancing
name a specific activity that beginners always look funny doing.	skiing
name a specific activity that beginners always look funny doing.	aerobics/exercise
name a specific activity that beginners always look funny doing.	ice skate/hockey
name a specific activity that beginners always look funny doing.	roller skating
name a specific activity that beginners always look funny doing.	swimming
name something annoying at the library.	noise
name something annoying at the library.	people talking
name something annoying at the library.	librarian
name something annoying at the library.	quiet
name something annoying at the library.	child crying
name something a man might put on belonging to his wife if he got dressed in the dark.	shirt
name something a man might put on belonging to his wife if he got dressed in the dark.	underwear
name something you see in from yards during the holidays.	lights
name something you see in from yards during the holidays.	snow man
name an activity kids like to do that they need to wear a helmet for.	bike riding
name an activity kids like to do that they need to wear a helmet for.	rollerblading
name something that might ring.	send us your answers!
name something that might ring.	telephone
name a place where you can sleep.	home
name a place where you can sleep.	hotel
name a place where you can sleep.	car
name a place where you can sleep.	airport
name something a kid might do at a public swimming pool that annoys others.	"wee wee" in pool
name something a kid might do at a public swimming pool that annoys others.	splash
name something a student might forget to bring to school.	homework
name something a student might forget to bring to school.	book bag
name something people mistake for a u.f.o.	airplane
name something people mistake for a u.f.o.	star
name the age when a girl starts wearing lipstick.	13
name the age when a girl starts wearing lipstick.	12
name the age when a girl starts wearing lipstick.	15
name something that has a valve.	car
name something that has a valve.	engine
name something that has a valve.	heart
name something that has a valve.	water heater
name something that has a valve.	motorcycle
name something that has a valve.	car tire
name a sport where the players have very little clothing	swimming
name a sport where the players have very little clothing	wrestling
name something they might have in a hotels honeymoon suite you wish you had in your bedroom.	jacuzzi
name something they might have in a hotels honeymoon suite you wish you had in your bedroom.	heart bed
name a real or fictional band that has a food in their name.	send us your answers!
name a real or fictional band that has a food in their name.	red hot chili peppers
name a place where you stand in line, but nobody's in a hurry	church
name a place where you stand in line, but nobody's in a hurry	amusement park
name something people rub for good luck.	rabbit's foot
name something people rub for good luck.	four-leaf clover
name something that friends might swap.	send us your answers!
name something that friends might swap.	clothes
name a celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother.	angelina jolie
name a celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother.	reese witherspoon
name a celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother.	julia roberts
name a celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother.	madonna
name a celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother.	brooke shields
name a celebrity britney should follow around to be a good mother.	jennifer garner
name a college you'd like to send your children to.	harvard
name a college you'd like to send your children to.	yale
name a college you'd like to send your children to.	stanford
name a college you'd like to send your children to.	ohio state
name a college you'd like to send your children to.	princeton
name a college you'd like to send your children to.	nyu
name something hollywood could do to make better movies.	better actors
name something hollywood could do to make better movies.	better stories
name a bad occupation for someone who is habitually late.	doctor
name a bad occupation for someone who is habitually late.	bus driver
name something people try to keep when they get divorced.	house
name something people try to keep when they get divorced.	money
name something of yours that's getting older and looks it.	face
name something of yours that's getting older and looks it.	car
name something of yours that's getting older and looks it.	hair
name something of yours that's getting older and looks it.	skin
name something of yours that's getting older and looks it.	shoes
name an animal that likes to dig.	send us your answers!
name an animal that likes to dig.	dogs
name a part of the body that begins with "s".	skull
name a part of the body that begins with "s".	stomach
name a part of the body that begins with "s".	shoulders
name a part of the body that begins with "s".	shin
name a part of the body that begins with "s".	skin
name a part of a baby's body that is chubby.	cheeks
name a part of a baby's body that is chubby.	legs
name a type of junk food.	potato chips
name a type of junk food.	popcorn
name someone specific you send a holiday card to.	parents
name someone specific you send a holiday card to.	grandparents
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	popcorn
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	pizza
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	tv dinner
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	hot dog
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	soup
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	potato
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	burrito
name a food that is often cooked in a microwave.	eggs
name something you might pinch from a hotel room.	soap
name something you might pinch from a hotel room.	towels
name something you might pinch from a hotel room.	shampoo
name something you might pinch from a hotel room.	pens
name something you might pinch from a hotel room.	bathrobe
name something you might pinch from a hotel room.	slippers
name a word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it.	blind as a bat
name a word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it.	blind date
name a word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it.	blind justice
name a word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it.	blind faith
name a word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it.	blindfold
name a word or phrase that has the word "blind" in it.	blindsided
name a decision people might have second thoughts about.	marriage
name a decision people might have second thoughts about.	career
name something you'd see at the olympic opening ceremony.	lighting of the torch
name something you'd see at the olympic opening ceremony.	athletes
name the worst thing you could forget on your wedding day.	the ring
name the worst thing you could forget on your wedding day.	dress
name something kids believe in that adults don't.	santa
name something kids believe in that adults don't.	send us your answers!
name a gift for a friend who travels a lot.	suitcase
name a gift for a friend who travels a lot.	tickets
name something you have to give up to live the simple life.	money
name something you have to give up to live the simple life.	fancy car
name something you have to give up to live the simple life.	partying
name an article of clothing that would be silly to wear in the snow.	shorts
name an article of clothing that would be silly to wear in the snow.	tank top
name a famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world".	barack obama
name a famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world".	bill gates
name a famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world".	george clooney
name a famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world".	bill clinton
name a famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world".	donald trump
name a famous guy who really might be the "most interesting man in the world".	glenn beck
name soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't.	tying shoes
name soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't.	read
name soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't.	go to bathroom
name soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't.	clean
name soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't.	write name
name soemthing your 5 year old should be able to do but can't.	counting
name a practical joke you might purchase from a joke shop	whoopie cushion
name a practical joke you might purchase from a joke shop	rubber chicken
name someone who comes to mind when you hear the phrase: "loudmouth".	rosie o'donnell
name someone who comes to mind when you hear the phrase: "loudmouth".	howard stern
name someone who comes to mind when you hear the phrase: "loudmouth".	rush limbaugh
name someone who comes to mind when you hear the phrase: "loudmouth".	bill o'reilly
name someone who comes to mind when you hear the phrase: "loudmouth".	roseanne barr
name a reason you wouldn't want to live in new york	crowded
name a reason you wouldn't want to live in new york	traffic
name a reason you wouldn't want to live in new york	crime
name a reason why you might not wear wool.	itchy
name a reason why you might not wear wool.	hot
name something you might buy that's made in japan.	car
name something you might buy that's made in japan.	camera
name your favorite thing about your job.	send us your answers!
name your favorite thing about your job.	salary
name something that married women might be sick of doing.	housekeeping
name something that married women might be sick of doing.	cooking
name a famous woman many people imitate.	oprah winfrey
name a famous woman many people imitate.	madonna
name a famous woman many people imitate.	angelina jolie
name a famous woman many people imitate.	jackie kennedy
name a famous woman many people imitate.	joan rivers
name a famous woman many people imitate.	paris hilton
name a famous woman many people imitate.	hillary clinton
name an electrical appliance people use in the bathroom.	blow dryer
name an electrical appliance people use in the bathroom.	curling iron
name a magazine you'd hate to have your picture in.	national enquirer
name a magazine you'd hate to have your picture in.	playboy
name a magazine you'd hate to have your picture in.	time
name a magazine you'd hate to have your picture in.	playgirl
name a magazine you'd hate to have your picture in.	hustler
name a word used to describe the weather.	hot
name a word used to describe the weather.	sunny
name something you've done and now wish you'd never done it.	smoking
name something you've done and now wish you'd never done it.	married
name something you've done and now wish you'd never done it.	moved
name something you've done and now wish you'd never done it.	stole something
name something you've done and now wish you'd never done it.	credit card
name something birds do that a human would look rediculous doing	fly
name something birds do that a human would look rediculous doing	eat worms
name a holiday that's only celebrated in america.	fourth of july
name a holiday that's only celebrated in america.	thanksgiving
name a holiday that's only celebrated in america.	memorial day
name a holiday that's only celebrated in america.	labor day
name a holiday that's only celebrated in america.	president's day
name a holiday that's only celebrated in america.	m.l.king's birthday
name something teenagers can do for hours on end.	computer/games
name something teenagers can do for hours on end.	talk on phone
name something teenagers can do for hours on end.	watch tv/movies
name something teenagers can do for hours on end.	dance
name something teenagers can do for hours on end.	listen to music
name something teenagers can do for hours on end.	shop
name something that a child might save their money to buy.	bike
name something that a child might save their money to buy.	video games
name something that a child might save their money to buy.	candy
name something that a child might save their money to buy.	cell phone
name an electronic device some people have with them at all times.	cell phone/phone
name an electronic device some people have with them at all times.	walkman/cd play'r
name an electronic device some people have with them at all times.	palm pilot
name an electronic device some people have with them at all times.	pacemaker
name an electronic device some people have with them at all times.	pager/beeper
name an electronic device some people have with them at all times.	radio
name an instrument people hate listening to their children play.	drum
name an instrument people hate listening to their children play.	violin
name an instrument people hate listening to their children play.	tuba
name an instrument people hate listening to their children play.	flute
name an instrument people hate listening to their children play.	trumpet
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	punishment
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	bad attitude
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	school
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	chores not done
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	alone time
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	bad grades
name a reason parents might send their child to bed early.	get up early
name the first thing you buy at the grocery store.	vegetables
name the first thing you buy at the grocery store.	bread
name the first thing you buy at the grocery store.	meat
name something that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it.	french fries
name something that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it.	french dressing
name something that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it.	french toast
name something that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it.	vanilla ice cream
name something that you eat that has the word "french" in front of it.	french bread
name the most romantic place to go on a first date.	beach
name the most romantic place to go on a first date.	restaurant
name the most romantic place to go on a first date.	movie theatre
name the most romantic place to go on a first date.	park/picnic
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	an affair
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	pregnancy/baby
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	big bill
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	divorce/separ.
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	surprise party
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	his mistress
name something a man would hate to have his wife surprise him with.	the in-laws
name something a kid might complian about at summer camp.	food
name something a kid might complian about at summer camp.	bugs
name a u.s. city that's on the coast.	miami
name a u.s. city that's on the coast.	san francisco
name a u.s. city that's on the coast.	atlantic city
name a u.s. city that's on the coast.	los angeles
name a u.s. city that's on the coast.	new york city
name a u.s. city that's on the coast.	san diego
name an animal people are most excited to see on an african safari.	lions
name an animal people are most excited to see on an african safari.	elephants
name an animal people are most excited to see on an african safari.	giraffes
name an animal people are most excited to see on an african safari.	cheetahs
name an animal people are most excited to see on an african safari.	zebras
name something people cancel at the last minute.	appointment
name something people cancel at the last minute.	reservations
name something people cancel at the last minute.	dinner
name something people cancel at the last minute.	dates
name something people cancel at the last minute.	flights
name something people cancel at the last minute.	plans
name something people do to maintain their lawn.	water it
name something people do to maintain their lawn.	mow it
name something people do to maintain their lawn.	fertilizer
name something that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant.	old people
name something that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant.	children
name something that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant.	no food
name something that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant.	cashier
name something that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant.	wrong order
name something that slows down the line at a fastfood restaurant.	bad service
name a place where you find lots of water.	ocean
name a place where you find lots of water.	beach
name a place where you find lots of water.	lake
name a place where you find lots of water.	river
name a place where you find lots of water.	pool
name a place where you find lots of water.	dam
name something kids are told to take turns using.	toys
name something kids are told to take turns using.	bathroom
name something kids are told to take turns using.	phone
name something kids are told to take turns using.	swing
name something kids are told to take turns using.	bikes
name something you might hit a ball with.	baseball bat
name something you might hit a ball with.	tennis racket
name something you might hit a ball with.	golf club
name something you might hit a ball with.	your hand
name something you might hit a ball with.	your foot
name something you thought existed when you were a child.	santa claus
name something you thought existed when you were a child.	tooth fairy
name something you thought existed when you were a child.	monsters
name something you thought existed when you were a child.	easter bunny
name something you thought existed when you were a child.	love
name something you thought existed when you were a child.	ghosts
name a kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse.	food
name a kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse.	clothes
name a kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse.	jewelry
name a kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse.	music
name a kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse.	car
name a kind of item that people frequently buy on impulse.	perfume
name something parents do when their kids are away at summer camp.	relax
name something parents do when their kids are away at summer camp.	sleep in
name something parents do when their kids are away at summer camp.	clean
name something parents do when their kids are away at summer camp.	travel
name something parents do when their kids are away at summer camp.	party
name a city that's too expensive for most people to live in.	new york city
name a city that's too expensive for most people to live in.	los angeles
name a city that's too expensive for most people to live in.	philadelphia
name a city that's too expensive for most people to live in.	san francisco
name a city that's too expensive for most people to live in.	miami
name a city that's too expensive for most people to live in.	las vegas
name something you buy that you use mainly in the morning.	coffee
name something you buy that you use mainly in the morning.	coffee machine
name something you buy that you use mainly in the morning.	toothbrush
name something you buy that you use mainly in the morning.	cereal
name something you buy that you use mainly in the morning.	toothpaste
name something you buy that you use mainly in the morning.	deodorant
name something you spend far too much time doing.	watching tv
name something you spend far too much time doing.	daydreaming
name something you spend far too much time doing.	sleeping
name something you spend far too much time doing.	playing on computer
name something you spend far too much time doing.	shopping
name something you spend far too much time doing.	working
name a celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi.	tom cruise
name a celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi.	brad pitt
name a celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi.	michael jackson
name a celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi.	britney spears
name a celebrity who is hounded by the paparazzi.	paris hilton
name something you put on in the morning.	clothes
name something you put on in the morning.	makeup
name something you put on in the morning.	deodorant
name something you put on in the morning.	coffee pots
name a fruit that would be hard to juggle.	watermelon
name a fruit that would be hard to juggle.	banana
name a fruit that would be hard to juggle.	pineapples
name a fruit that would be hard to juggle.	tomato
name something people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover.	getting up
name something people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover.	going to work
name something people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover.	talking
name something people hate doing in the morning when they have a hangover.	loud music/alarm
name a quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list.	rich
name a quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list.	good-looking
name a quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list.	funny
name a quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list.	friendly
name a quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list.	clean
name a quality a single man needs in order to get on the most eligible bachelor list.	good job
name something found outside that people might collect.	rocks
name something found outside that people might collect.	seashells
name something found outside that people might collect.	butterflies
name something found outside that people might collect.	leaf
name something found outside that people might collect.	flower
name something kids hope to someday have just like their parents.	car
name something kids hope to someday have just like their parents.	house
name something kids hope to someday have just like their parents.	money
name something kids hope to someday have just like their parents.	their own family
name something kids hope to someday have just like their parents.	job
name something people do in their car that you'd be surprised to see a race car driver do during a competition.	on phone
name something people do in their car that you'd be surprised to see a race car driver do during a competition.	reindeer ?
name something people keep putting off.	paying bills
name something people keep putting off.	housework
name something people keep putting off.	dentist/doctor
name something people keep putting off.	paying taxes
name something people keep putting off.	wedding
name something people keep putting off.	dieting
name an appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant.	egg rolls
name an appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant.	wontons
name an appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant.	fortune cookie
name an appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant.	noodles
name an appetizer you would find at a chinese restaurant.	dumplings
name something that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date.	rudeness
name something that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date.	goes dutch
name something that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date.	kiss
name something that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date.	bad breath
name something that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date.	farting
name something that might happen on a first date which would rule out a second date.	argument
name something you might leave running.	car
name something you might leave running.	faucet
name something you might leave running.	computer
name something you might leave running.	fridge
name something some people are nervous about getting on.	airplane
name something some people are nervous about getting on.	amusement ride
name something some people are nervous about getting on.	mechanic bull
name something some people are nervous about getting on.	motorcycle
name something some people are nervous about getting on.	elevator
name something some people are nervous about getting on.	boat
name something parents teach their children how to save.	money
name something parents teach their children how to save.	time
name something parents teach their children how to save.	food
name something parents teach their children how to save.	electricity
name something parents teach their children how to save.	clothes
name something you might do before an operation.	prayers
name something you might do before an operation.	maka a will
name something you might do before an operation.	fast
name something you might do before an operation.	eat a lot
name something you might do before an operation.	kiss
name something you might do before an operation.	bathe
name an occupation in which people have a chance to become famous.	acting
name an occupation in which people have a chance to become famous.	musician/singer
name an occupation in which people have a chance to become famous.	athlete
name an occupation in which people have a chance to become famous.	politician
name a way to keep your kids busy.	television
name a way to keep your kids busy.	chores
name a way to keep your kids busy.	video games
name a way to keep your kids busy.	coloring
name a way to keep your kids busy.	sports
name a way to keep your kids busy.	toys
name a way to keep your kids busy.	movies
name something you do when you run out of clean underwear.	do laundry
name something you do when you run out of clean underwear.	don't wear it
name something you do when you run out of clean underwear.	buy more
name something you do when you run out of clean underwear.	wear dirty ones
name a way you can tell a person has a cold.	runny nose
name a way you can tell a person has a cold.	coughing
name a way you can tell a person has a cold.	sneezing
name a way you can tell a person has a cold.	sniffles
name a way you can tell a person has a cold.	hoarse voice
name a way you can tell a person has a cold.	fever
name a relative you only see during the holidays.	aunt / uncle
name a relative you only see during the holidays.	grandparents
name a relative you only see during the holidays.	mother
name a wild animal you would like as a pet.	tiger
name a wild animal you would like as a pet.	lions
name a wild animal you would like as a pet.	monkey
name a wild animal you would like as a pet.	wolf
name a wild animal you would like as a pet.	bear
name something you purchase by the gallon.	milk
name something you purchase by the gallon.	gas
name something you purchase by the gallon.	ice cream
name something you purchase by the gallon.	water
name something you might see during an nfl football game.	touchdowns
name something you might see during an nfl football game.	cheerleaders
name something you might see during an nfl football game.	football players
name something you might see during an nfl football game.	commercials
name something you might see during an nfl football game.	tackling
name a way people pass the time in prison.	reading
name a way people pass the time in prison.	lifting weights
name a way people pass the time in prison.	watching tv
name a way people pass the time in prison.	writing
name a way people pass the time in prison.	making lic. plates
name a way people pass the time in prison.	playing cards
name something you take into the shower.	soap
name something you take into the shower.	shampoo
name something you take into the shower.	wash cloth
name something you take into the shower.	towel
name something you take into the shower.	razor
name a kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children.	store/market
name a kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children.	restaurant
name a kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children.	church
name a kind of place where parents are embarrassed by their misbehaving children.	school/day care
name a tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence.	rosie o'donnell
name a tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence.	larry king
name a tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence.	bill o'reilly
name a tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence.	jerry springer
name a tv personality you wish would take a vow of silence.	jay leno
name a game kids play in the park.	tag
name a game kids play in the park.	hide and seek
name a game kids play in the park.	baseball
name a game kids play in the park.	basketball
name a game kids play in the park.	football
name a game kids play in the park.	catch
name somewhere you find a radio.	car
name somewhere you find a radio.	bedroom
name somewhere you find a radio.	kitchen
name somewhere you find a radio.	bathroom
name somewhere you find a radio.	work
name somewhere you find a radio.	shed
name a gift that's hard to return.	clothing/shoes
name a gift that's hard to return.	food
name a gift that's hard to return.	jewelry
name a gift that's hard to return.	money
name a gift that's hard to return.	car
name a gift that's hard to return.	toaster
name a gift that's hard to return.	pet
name something you should never park in front of.	fire hydrant
name something you should never park in front of.	handicap spot
name something you should never park in front of.	bus stop
name something you should never park in front of.	hospital entrance
name something you should never park in front of.	driveway
name something you should never park in front of.	red curb/zone
name a job that requires a lot of driving.	truck driver
name a job that requires a lot of driving.	bus driver
name a job that requires a lot of driving.	delivery man
name a job that requires a lot of driving.	taxi driver
name something that only waits for vips.	limo
name something that only waits for vips.	airplane
name something that only waits for vips.	table reservation
name something that only waits for vips.	meetings
name something that only waits for vips.	gold diggers
name something that only waits for vips.	taxi
name something that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial.	weight
name something that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial.	hair
name something that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial.	skin/complexion
name something that changes in a before-and-after photo on an infomercial.	teeth
name a kind of place that might have an information booth:	mall
name a kind of place that might have an information booth:	airport
name a kind of place that might have an information booth:	amusement
name a kind of place that might have an information booth:	hospital
name a kind of place that might have an information booth:	museum
name an animal that looks cuddly, but would probably eat you alive.	panda
name an animal that looks cuddly, but would probably eat you alive.	polar bear
name an animal that looks cuddly, but would probably eat you alive.	lion
name something you always pack before you go on vacation.	clothes
name something you always pack before you go on vacation.	swimsuit
name something you always pack before you go on vacation.	toothbrush
name something you always pack before you go on vacation.	camera
name a type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen.	soap opera
name a type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen.	game show
name a type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen.	sports
name a type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen.	mystery
name a type of tv show that gets viewers so involved they talk to the screen.	news
name something of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises.	car
name something of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises.	refrigerator
name something of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises.	alarm
name something of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises.	body
name something of yours that you hope doesn't start making noises.	telephone
name a sport that's fun to play but boring to watch.	golf
name a sport that's fun to play but boring to watch.	tennis
name a sport that's fun to play but boring to watch.	soccer
name something women think they know more about than men.	cooking
name something women think they know more about than men.	children
name something women think they know more about than men.	everything
name something women think they know more about than men.	relationships
name something women think they know more about than men.	clothes
name something women think they know more about than men.	fashion
name a band from the 80's that is still popular today.	metallica
name a band from the 80's that is still popular today.	run-d.m.c.
name a band from the 80's that is still popular today.	bon jovi
name a band from the 80's that is still popular today.	red hot chili peppers
name a band from the 80's that is still popular today.	new kids on the block
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	cereal
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	cookies
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	brownies
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	macaroni & cheese
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	peanut butter
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	pancakes
name a food that you hope you've got milk to go with.	cake
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	underwear
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	toilet paper
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	wedding dress
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	milk
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	eggs
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	bread
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	sheets
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	flour
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	paper
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	sugar
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	tissues
name something you might buy that is almost always white:	socks
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	be quiet
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	shhh
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	hush
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	keep it down
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	stop talking
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	enough
name a nice way to tell someone to shut up.	zip it
name a career more women go into than men.	nurse
name a career more women go into than men.	teacher
name a career more women go into than men.	secretary
name a career more women go into than men.	hairdresser
name a career more women go into than men.	stripper
name a type of vehicle that makes frequent stops.	city bus
name a type of vehicle that makes frequent stops.	school bus
name a type of vehicle that makes frequent stops.	mail truck
name a type of vehicle that makes frequent stops.	taxi
name a type of vehicle that makes frequent stops.	car
name something that slows down a line at the supermarket.	check writing
name something that slows down a line at the supermarket.	price check
name something that slows down a line at the supermarket.	too much stuff
name something that slows down a line at the supermarket.	coupons
name something that slows down a line at the supermarket.	cashier
name something that slows down a line at the supermarket.	food stamps
name a place where people often become regulars.	bar/club
name a place where people often become regulars.	restaurant
name a place where people often become regulars.	church
name a place where people often become regulars.	gym
name a place where people often become regulars.	grocery store
name a place where people often become regulars.	jail
name something a couple has to pick out for their wedding.	wedding rings
name something a couple has to pick out for their wedding.	wedding cake
name something a couple has to pick out for their wedding.	wedding venue
name something a couple has to pick out for their wedding.	invitations
name something a couple has to pick out for their wedding.	flower
name something a couple has to pick out for their wedding.	color scheme
name something that witches are supposed to be able to do.	fly on brooms
name something that witches are supposed to be able to do.	cast spells
name something that witches are supposed to be able to do.	things disappear
name something that witches are supposed to be able to do.	make potions
name a field of science.	biology
name a field of science.	chemistry
name a field of science.	astronomy
name a field of science.	astrology
name a field of science.	medicine
name a field of science.	psychology
name an activity that people wear gloves for.	medical procedure
name an activity that people wear gloves for.	baseball
name an activity that people wear gloves for.	gardening
name an activity that people wear gloves for.	boxing
name an activity that people wear gloves for.	golfing
name an activity that people wear gloves for.	skiing
name something specific that keeps a race car driver from injury.	helmet/suit
name something specific that keeps a race car driver from injury.	seat belt/harness
name something specific that keeps a race car driver from injury.	roll cage/bars
name something specific that keeps a race car driver from injury.	pads/padded seat
name something specific that keeps a race car driver from injury.	being careful
name something specific that keeps a race car driver from injury.	air bags
name something at a cookout someone might ask to be passed to them.	ketchup
name something at a cookout someone might ask to be passed to them.	potato salad
name something at a cookout someone might ask to be passed to them.	salt
name something at a cookout someone might ask to be passed to them.	napkins
name something at a cookout someone might ask to be passed to them.	mustard
name something at a cookout someone might ask to be passed to them.	plates
name something you might log onto the internet to check everyday.	email
name something you might log onto the internet to check everyday.	blogs
name something you might log onto the internet to check everyday.	stocks
name something you might log onto the internet to check everyday.	news
name something you might log onto the internet to check everyday.	sports
name something you might log onto the internet to check everyday.	weather
name something people hate about taking the bus.	waiting
name something people hate about taking the bus.	crowded
name something people hate about taking the bus.	late
name something people hate about taking the bus.	stops
name something people hate about taking the bus.	standing
name something people hate about taking the bus.	slow
name a chore that a kid from a farm family might do.	milk cows
name a chore that a kid from a farm family might do.	feed animals
name a chore that a kid from a farm family might do.	collect eggs
name a chore that a kid from a farm family might do.	bail hay
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	weights/gym equip
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	girlie pics/mag.
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	beer/alcohol
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	mirrors
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	cologne
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	big television
name something you'd expect to find in the home of a man who thinks he's macho.	a woman
name a country where they speak english.	usa
name a country where they speak english.	england
name a country where they speak english.	canada
name a country where they speak english.	ireland
name a country where they speak english.	australia
name something you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine.	sunbathe
name something you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine.	swim
name something you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine.	stand on deck
name something you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine.	dance
name something you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine.	open on porthole
name something you might do on a cruise ship that you can't do on a submarine.	exercise
name a professional who often keeps his clients waiting.	doctor
name a professional who often keeps his clients waiting.	lawyer
name a professional who often keeps his clients waiting.	dentist
name a professional who often keeps his clients waiting.	accountant
name a place where people always try to squeeze in one more person.	car
name a place where people always try to squeeze in one more person.	elevator
name a place where people always try to squeeze in one more person.	bus
name a place where people always try to squeeze in one more person.	restaurant/table
name a place where people always try to squeeze in one more person.	concert
name a place where people always try to squeeze in one more person.	church pew
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	slash tires
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	key/scratch it
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	break windows
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	air out of tires
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	dent/kick it
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	spray-paint it
name something a girl might do to her ex-boyfriend's car as revenge.	sugar in gas tank
name something a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would.	underwear
name something a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would.	shirt
name something a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would.	socks
name something a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would.	coat
name something a woman will never wear if it's dirty, but a man would.	pants/jeans
name something babies have that their parents think is adorable.	dimples
name something babies have that their parents think is adorable.	sweet smile
name something babies have that their parents think is adorable.	chubby cheeks
name something babies have that their parents think is adorable.	baby fat
name something babies have that their parents think is adorable.	tiny toes/feet
name something babies have that their parents think is adorable.	curls/hair
name something that might be poisonous.	snake
name something that might be poisonous.	cleaning products
name something that might be poisonous.	plant
name something that might be poisonous.	berries
name something that might be poisonous.	mushrooms
name something most people do ever new years eve.	drink
name something most people do ever new years eve.	party
name something people serve at elegant parties.	champagne
name something people serve at elegant parties.	caviar
name something people serve at elegant parties.	hors d'oeuvres
name something people serve at elegant parties.	shrimp
name something people serve at elegant parties.	escargot
name a movie monster you think is misunderstood.	frankenstein
name a movie monster you think is misunderstood.	godzilla
name a movie monster you think is misunderstood.	king kong
name a movie monster you think is misunderstood.	the incredible hulk
name a movie monster you think is misunderstood.	bigfoot
name something you make a sandwich with.	bread
name something you make a sandwich with.	ham
name something you make a sandwich with.	turkey
name something you make a sandwich with.	mayo
name something you make a sandwich with.	peanut butter
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	happiness
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	good health
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	money
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	love
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	peace
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	family
name the one thing you want out of life more than any other:	friends
name something that people are afraid to step on.	cracks
name something that people are afraid to step on.	bugs
name something that people are afraid to step on.	glass
name something that people are afraid to step on.	snakes
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	typewriter
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	telephone
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	desk
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	copier
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	computer
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	calculator
name a piece of equipment you'd find in any office:	pencil sharpener
name something that might ruin a great vacation.	bad weather
name something that might ruin a great vacation.	an argument
name something that might ruin a great vacation.	illness
name something that might ruin a great vacation.	theft
name a country in which auto racing is a big sport.	united states
name a country in which auto racing is a big sport.	france
name a country in which auto racing is a big sport.	italy
name a country in which auto racing is a big sport.	japan
name something found in a movie theatre.	chairs
name something found in a movie theatre.	popcorn
name something found in a movie theatre.	screen
name something found in a movie theatre.	people
name something found in a movie theatre.	movies
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	doctor/surgeon
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	police officer
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	accountant
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	firefighter
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	construction
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	president
name an occupation in which there is no room for mistakes.	hairdresser
name something you've seen people chase.	dog
name something you've seen people chase.	bus
name something you've seen people chase.	person
name something you've seen people chase.	cat
name something you've seen people chase.	car
name something that many married men and women run out of.	money
name something that many married men and women run out of.	love
name something that many married men and women run out of.	patience
name something that many married men and women run out of.	food
name something that many married men and women run out of.	time
name something you can win on a game show.	money
name something you can win on a game show.	car
name something you can win on a game show.	vacations
name something you can win on a game show.	appliances
name a place people go to escape the heat.	swimming pool
name a place people go to escape the heat.	indoors
name a place people go to escape the heat.	beach
name a place people go to escape the heat.	movies
name a place people go to escape the heat.	shopping mall
name a place people go to escape the heat.	alaska
name a place people go to escape the heat.	mountains
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	adoration
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	husband
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	hug
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	dating
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	life
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	love life
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	kiss
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	boyfriend
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	true love
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	affection
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	amour
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	romance
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	spouse
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	care giving
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	rearing
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	mothering
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	parenting
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	raising
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	childcare
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	fathering
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	money
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	bucks
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	wealth
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	coinage
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	riches
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	cash
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	currency
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	medicine
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	sickness
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	regularity
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	well being
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	illness
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	fitness
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	health
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	baking
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	preparing dinner
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	cooking
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	food preparation
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	cuisine
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	making dinner
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	gastronomic
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	occupation
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	career
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	office
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	vocation
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	employment
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	job
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	work
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	your job
name a subject on which people are always giving unwanted advice.	labor
name something you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands.	hot plate
name something you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands.	poop
name something you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands.	stinging plants
name something you shouldn't pick up with your bare hands.	garbage
name something you think of when you hear the word "boxers".	men's underwear
name something you think of when you hear the word "boxers".	fighter
name something you think of when you hear the word "boxers".	dog
name something you do when you are angry.	yell
name something you do when you are angry.	cry
name something you do when you are angry.	curse
name something you do when you are angry.	eat
name something you do when you are angry.	throw things
name a place where you forget to apply sunscreen.	face
name a place where you forget to apply sunscreen.	beach
name a place where you forget to apply sunscreen.	back
name a place where you forget to apply sunscreen.	feet
name a place where you forget to apply sunscreen.	swimming pool
name a place where you forget to apply sunscreen.	neck
name a place dogs are known to drink from.	toilet
name a place dogs are known to drink from.	dish/bowl
name a place dogs are known to drink from.	street/puddle
name a place dogs are known to drink from.	pool
name a sport where the ball might be bigger than your head.	basketball
name a sport where the ball might be bigger than your head.	soccer
name a sport where the ball might be bigger than your head.	volleyball
name a sport where the ball might be bigger than your head.	bowling
name a holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents.	christmas
name a holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents.	halloween
name a holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents.	easter
name a holiday or occasion that's fun for kids but work for parents.	birthday
name something that makes your breath smell bad.	garlic
name something that makes your breath smell bad.	onion
name something that makes your breath smell bad.	fish
name something that makes your breath smell bad.	coffee
name a special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed.	flowers
name a special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed.	soup
name a special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed.	chocolate/candy
name a special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed.	ice cream
name a special treat that a husband brings home to his wife who's sick in bed.	book/magazine
name an animal you might see at seaworld.	dolphin
name an animal you might see at seaworld.	killer whale
name an animal you might see at seaworld.	sea lion
name an animal you might see at seaworld.	seal
name an animal you might see at seaworld.	manatee
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	medical reason
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	have to work
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	being prejudiced
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	care for children
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	religious reason
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	didn't get notice
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	death
name an excuse people give to get out of jury duty.	can't read
name a type of fruit a kid might have in a lunch bag.	apple
name a type of fruit a kid might have in a lunch bag.	banana
name a type of fruit a kid might have in a lunch bag.	orange
name a place you go where you don't want to sit behind someone with a big head.	movie theater
name a place you go where you don't want to sit behind someone with a big head.	concert
name an action star who can also be funny.	jackie chan
name an action star who can also be funny.	arnold schwarzenegger
name an action star who can also be funny.	will smith
name an action star who can also be funny.	bruce willis
name an action star who can also be funny.	the rock
name an action star who can also be funny.	harrison ford
name an action star who can also be funny.	mel gibson
name an action star who can also be funny.	vin diesel
name a kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles.	church
name a kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles.	restaurant
name a kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles.	movie/theater
name a kind of place you're embarrassed when your stomach rumbles.	work/meeting
name one thing about a vacation that costs the most money.	hotel room
name one thing about a vacation that costs the most money.	airfare
name one thing about a vacation that costs the most money.	food/dining out
name one thing about a vacation that costs the most money.	souvenirs/shop'ng
name one thing about a vacation that costs the most money.	gas/driving
name something you couldn't do without your lips.	kiss
name something you couldn't do without your lips.	talk
name something you couldn't do without your lips.	whistle
name something you couldn't do without your lips.	drink
name something you couldn't do without your lips.	eat
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	fruitcake
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	cookies
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	pies
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	fruit basket
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	chocolates
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	nuts
name a food that people give as gifts during the holidays.	cheese
name something you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy.	security alarm
name something you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy.	locks
name something you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy.	window bars
name something you do to keep burglars out of your house that does not seem to work on the tooth fairy.	dogs
name a hobby that could kill you:	skydiving
name a hobby that could kill you:	auto racing
name a hobby that could kill you:	hang gliding
name a hobby that could kill you:	mountain climbing
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	looks
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	talent
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	money
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	brains
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	common sense
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	birthmark
name something about which people say: "you have to be born with it to have it."	luck
name something a wealthy person would have at the vacation house.	swimming pool
name something a wealthy person would have at the vacation house.	boat
name something a wealthy person would have at the vacation house.	maids
name something a wealthy person would have at the vacation house.	hot tub
name something a wealthy person would have at the vacation house.	cards
name something that a dog likes to chase.	cats
name something that a dog likes to chase.	cars
name something that a dog likes to chase.	tails
name something that a dog likes to chase.	balls
name something that a dog likes to chase.	mail man
name something a journalist often uses.	pen
name something a journalist often uses.	computer
name something a journalist often uses.	notepad
name something a journalist often uses.	tape recorder
name something a journalist often uses.	camera
name something a woman might put on before she goes to bed.	nightie/pj's
name something a woman might put on before she goes to bed.	facial mask
name something a woman might put on before she goes to bed.	perfume
name something a woman might put on before she goes to bed.	cold cream
name something kids pick up from school.	germs/sickness
name something kids pick up from school.	homework
name something kids pick up from school.	lice
name something kids pick up from school.	bad habits
name something kids pick up from school.	swears
name someone in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't.	grandparents
name someone in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't.	babysitter
name someone in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't.	aunt/uncle
name someone in a kid's life who lets them get away with things their parent wouldn't.	teacher
name something you do when a telemarketer calls.	hang up
name something you do when a telemarketer calls.	do not answer phone
name something you do when a telemarketer calls.	say no
name something you do when a telemarketer calls.	answer phone
name something people do to get rid of bad breath.	breath mints
name something people do to get rid of bad breath.	chew gum
name something people do to get rid of bad breath.	brush teeth
name something people do to get rid of bad breath.	mouthwash
name something you do for your dog's own good, that he hates.	bath
name something you do for your dog's own good, that he hates.	take to vet
name something you do for your dog's own good, that he hates.	brush teeth
name something you do for your dog's own good, that he hates.	leash
name something you do for your dog's own good, that he hates.	lock him up
name something you do for your dog's own good, that he hates.	hit on nose
name something a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do.	out with the guys
name something a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do.	spend money
name something a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do.	trip/camping
name something a husband usually asks his wife's permission to do.	go golfing
name something that's sometimes red and sometimes green.	fruits
name something that's sometimes red and sometimes green.	traffic signal
name something that's sometimes red and sometimes green.	leaves
name something that's sometimes red and sometimes green.	christmas lights
name something that's sometimes red and sometimes green.	mood
name something you remember doing by yourself for the first time.	driving car
name something you remember doing by yourself for the first time.	travel/airplane
name something you remember doing by yourself for the first time.	riding bike
name something you remember doing by yourself for the first time.	going to movie
name something you remember doing by yourself for the first time.	ironing
name something you remember doing by yourself for the first time.	combing hair
name something a professional mover might use on the job.	dolly
name something a professional mover might use on the job.	truck
name something a professional mover might use on the job.	boxes
name something kids build out of a cardboard box.	house
name something kids build out of a cardboard box.	car
name something kids build out of a cardboard box.	fort
name something kids build out of a cardboard box.	rocket ship
name something people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse.	trap it
name something people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse.	kill it
name something people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse.	pet it
name something people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse.	feed it cheese
name something people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse.	poison it
name something people do to a live mouse that would be strange to do to your computer's mouse.	feed it to snake
name a practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas.	appliance
name a practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas.	vacuum
name a practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas.	clothes
name a practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas.	pots
name a practical but unromantic gift that husbands buy their wives for christmas.	broom
name something people carry in parades.	flag
name something people carry in parades.	banners
name something people carry in parades.	balloons
name something people carry in parades.	instrument
name something people carry in parades.	sign
name something people carry in parades.	baton
name a country where they speak spanish.	mexico
name a country where they speak spanish.	spain
name a country where they speak spanish.	cuba
name a country where they speak spanish.	argentina
name something you bring in from outdoors before a storm.	lawn furnature
name something you bring in from outdoors before a storm.	pets
name something you bring in from outdoors before a storm.	plants
name something you bring in from outdoors before a storm.	laundry
name something you bring in from outdoors before a storm.	flag
name something you bring in from outdoors before a storm.	garbage cans
name a chore that you try to get done before the rain comes.	mowing the lawn
name a chore that you try to get done before the rain comes.	raking
name a chore that you try to get done before the rain comes.	washing the car
name a chore that you try to get done before the rain comes.	taking out the trash
name a chore that you try to get done before the rain comes.	washing windows
name a chore that you try to get done before the rain comes.	painting
name a type of large cat.	lions
name a type of large cat.	cheetah
name a type of large cat.	tiger
name a type of large cat.	lynx
name a type of large cat.	leopard
name a part of your body that never stops growing.	hair
name a part of your body that never stops growing.	nails
name a part of your body that never stops growing.	feet
name a part of your body that never stops growing.	brain
name a part of your body that never stops growing.	bottom
name a part of your body that never stops growing.	abdomen
name something people drink that is red.	kool-aid
name something people drink that is red.	red wine
name something people drink that is red.	cranberry juice
name something people drink that is red.	fruit punch
name something people drink that is red.	tomato juice
name a part of your body that moves when you laugh.	abdomen
name a part of your body that moves when you laugh.	mouth
name a part of your body that moves when you laugh.	head
name a part of your body that moves when you laugh.	chest
name a part of your body that moves when you laugh.	jaw
name a part of your body that moves when you laugh.	shoulders
name something you put on tacos.	beef
name something you put on tacos.	cheese
name something you put on tacos.	lettuce
name something you put on tacos.	tomatoes
name something you put on tacos.	sour cream
name something you put on tacos.	beans
name a way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids.	naked
name a way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids.	laying down
name a way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids.	sleeping
name a way that parents pose their babies in portraits that they don't pose their older kids.	on their lap
name something you might get out of pretending to be sick.	work
name something you might get out of pretending to be sick.	school
name something you might get out of pretending to be sick.	date
name something you might get out of pretending to be sick.	traffic ticket
name something you might get out of pretending to be sick.	jury duty
name a country the u.s. imports a lot of things from.	china
name a country the u.s. imports a lot of things from.	japan
name a country the u.s. imports a lot of things from.	mexico
name a country the u.s. imports a lot of things from.	taiwan
name a country the u.s. imports a lot of things from.	england
name a country the u.s. imports a lot of things from.	france
name an occupation that rips people off.	salesperson
name an occupation that rips people off.	telemarketing
name an occupation that rips people off.	lawyer
name an occupation that rips people off.	insurance
name an occupation that rips people off.	automachanic
name an occupation that rips people off.	construction
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach it.	cry
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach it.	eat
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach it.	smile
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach it.	crawl
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach it.	dribble
name something a baby does that you don't have to teach it.	walk
name a profession that requires schooling past college.	doctor
name a profession that requires schooling past college.	lawyer
name a profession that requires schooling past college.	teacher
name a profession that requires schooling past college.	engineer
name a profession that requires schooling past college.	nurse
name a rule at a drive-in theater.	no noise/honking
name a rule at a drive-in theater.	turn off lights
name a rule at a drive-in theater.	no sneaking in
name a rule at a drive-in theater.	return speaker
name a rule at a drive-in theater.	stay in car
name a rule at a drive-in theater.	no littering
name something you need to build a house.	lumber
name something you need to build a house.	bricks
name something you need to build a house.	money
name something you need to build a house.	nails
name something you need to build a house.	a hammer
name something you might toast.	bread
name something you might toast.	wedding
name something you might toast.	bagles
name something you might toast.	anniversary
name something you might toast.	eggo
name a fruit that is red.	apple
name a fruit that is red.	strawberry
name a fruit that is red.	cherry
name a fruit that is red.	raspberry
name a fruit that is red.	tomatoes
name an animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores.	bear
name an animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores.	pig
name an animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores.	dog
name an animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores.	lion
name an animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores.	elephant
name an animal your mate sounds like when he or she snores.	horse
name something you might need in order to do your laundry	soap
name something you might need in order to do your laundry	washing machine
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	turkey
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	pie
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	potato
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	dinner roll
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	corn on the cob
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	cranberry sauce
name something you buy more than one of for thanksgiving.	ham
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	apple
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	peach
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	pear
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	plum
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	lemon
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	oranges
name a fruit that grows on a tree.	cherries
name a part of the body men put cologne on.	neck
name a part of the body men put cologne on.	face/cheeks
name a part of the body men put cologne on.	chest
name a part of the body men put cologne on.	behind ears
name a part of the body men put cologne on.	underarms
name a part of the body men put cologne on.	shoulders
name a strong woman who people love to criticize.	hillary clinton
name a strong woman who people love to criticize.	martha stewart
name a strong woman who people love to criticize.	oprah winfrey
name a strong woman who people love to criticize.	madonna
name a strong woman who people love to criticize.	barbara bush
name a place where you might be charged a late fee.	video store
name a place where you might be charged a late fee.	library
name something people take out.	trash
name something people take out.	food
name something people take out.	money/loan
name something people take out.	dog/pet
name something people take out.	spouse/mate
name something people take out.	library books
name something people take out.	life insurance
name one word that people yell at the end of a performance.	bravo
name one word that people yell at the end of a performance.	encore
name one word that people yell at the end of a performance.	yea
name one word that people yell at the end of a performance.	great
name one word that people yell at the end of a performance.	boo
name something you worry about, even on vacation.	money/bills
name something you worry about, even on vacation.	house ok/secure
name something you worry about, even on vacation.	children/family
name something you worry about, even on vacation.	bad weather
name something you worry about, even on vacation.	pets
name something you worry about, even on vacation.	job/work
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	brush teeth/floss
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	turn off lights
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	go to bathroom
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	lock door/alarm
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	say prayers
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	take medicine
name something you sometimes forget to do before you hop into bed.	check thermostat
name a part of the body where men have more hair than women.	chest
name a part of the body where men have more hair than women.	face
name a part of the body where men have more hair than women.	legs
name a city people love winning a trip to.	las vegas
name a city people love winning a trip to.	new york
name a city people love winning a trip to.	honolulu
name a city people love winning a trip to.	paris
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	car
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	money
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	boat
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	house
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	land
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	motorcycle
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	jewelry
name something a man might give away so his wife couldn't get it in a divorce.	stocks
name a zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell.	elephant
name a zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell.	monkey
name a zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell.	skunk
name a zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell.	pig
name a zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell.	horse
name a zoo animal you could recognize just from the smell.	lion
name something people depend on for protection.	weapons/mace
name something people depend on for protection.	police
name something people depend on for protection.	alarm system
name something people depend on for protection.	condoms
name something people depend on for protection.	dog
name something people depend on for protection.	locks
name something people depend on for protection.	insurance
name something that some people eat raw.	fish
name something that some people eat raw.	meat
name a place where people would notice if you came in late.	work
name a place where people would notice if you came in late.	church/wedding
name a place where people would notice if you came in late.	meeting
name a place where people would notice if you came in late.	movie/theater
name a place where people would notice if you came in late.	school
name a place where people would notice if you came in late.	doctor's office
name an article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row.	underwear
name an article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row.	socks
name an article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row.	shirt
name an article of clothing you don't wear two days in a row.	bra
name something you brush.	teeth
name something you brush.	hair
name something you brush.	pet
name something you brush.	paint
name something your body tells you to do.	sleep
name something your body tells you to do.	eat
name something your body tells you to do.	use bathroom
name something your body tells you to do.	breathe
name something your body tells you to do.	move
name something a police car has that a normal car does not.	sirens
name something a police car has that a normal car does not.	flashing lights
name something a police car has that a normal car does not.	on-board computers
name something a police car has that a normal car does not.	police scanner
name something a police car has that a normal car does not.	fast engine
name something a police car has that a normal car does not.	guns
name something you might steal from a hotel room.	send us your answers!
name something you might steal from a hotel room.	towels
name a sport with the toughest athletes.	football
name a sport with the toughest athletes.	hockey
name a sport with the toughest athletes.	boxing
name a sport with the toughest athletes.	wrestling
name a sport with the toughest athletes.	rugby
name something you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation.	lights on
name something you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation.	keep radio
name something you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation.	stop mail
name something you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation.	neighbors
name something you do to make your home look occupied while you're away on vacation.	car in driveway
name an important number people often memorize.	phone number
name an important number people often memorize.	911
name an important number people often memorize.	social security
name an important number people often memorize.	birthday
name an important number people often memorize.	address
name something that texas is famous for.	cowboys
name something that texas is famous for.	oil
name something that texas is famous for.	big
name something that texas is famous for.	barbecue
name something that texas is famous for.	football
name something that texas is famous for.	steak
name a monthly bill where the amount changes every month.	electric
name a monthly bill where the amount changes every month.	phone
name a monthly bill where the amount changes every month.	gas bill
name a monthly bill where the amount changes every month.	credit card
name a monthly bill where the amount changes every month.	water
name something you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing.	talk'g/cell phone
name something you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing.	kicking seat
name something you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing.	popping gum
name something you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing.	laughing in ear
name something you might ask the person sitting behind you in a movie theater to stop doing.	throwing things
name something you might do to refresh yourself.	take a shower
name something you might do to refresh yourself.	drinking water
name something you might do to refresh yourself.	wash face
name something you might do to refresh yourself.	sleep
name something you might do to refresh yourself.	brush teeth
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	clothes/shoes
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	clothing
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	car
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	house
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	jewelry
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	food
name the most exciting thing to shop for.	computer
name a fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose.	watermelon
name a fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose.	banana
name a fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose.	apple
name a fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose.	orange
name a fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose.	mango
name a fruit that would be almost impossible to stick up your nose.	grape
name something that children say is always better at the neighbor's house.	food
name something that children say is always better at the neighbor's house.	toys
name something that children say is always better at the neighbor's house.	tv
name something that children say is always better at the neighbor's house.	games
name something that children say is always better at the neighbor's house.	rules
name something that children say is always better at the neighbor's house.	parents
name a part of your body that has a lot of meat on it.	bottom
name a part of your body that has a lot of meat on it.	stomach
name a part of your body that has a lot of meat on it.	thighs/legs
name a part of your body that has a lot of meat on it.	breasts/chest
name something that might make a person decide to retire.	job situation
name something that might make a person decide to retire.	getting older
name something that might make a person decide to retire.	health reasons
name something that might make a person decide to retire.	having enough
name something that might make a person decide to retire.	want to travel
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	bourne identity
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	austin powers
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	mission impossible
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	enemy of the state
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	north by northwest
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	man who knew too much
name a spy movie without james bond in it.	harriet the spy
name a country that has a lot of conflict.	iraq
name a country that has a lot of conflict.	iran
name a country that has a lot of conflict.	us
name a country that has a lot of conflict.	afghanistan
name a country that has a lot of conflict.	isreal
name a country that has a lot of conflict.	syria
name something that has a shell.	turtles
name something that has a shell.	crabs
name something that has a shell.	nuts
name something that has a shell.	snails
name something that has a shell.	eggs
name something you see in every james bond movie.	james bond
name something you see in every james bond movie.	guns
name something you see in every james bond movie.	alcohol
name something you see in every james bond movie.	explosions
name an animal in the bible that is brought up all the time.	lambs
name an animal in the bible that is brought up all the time.	camels
name an animal in the bible that is brought up all the time.	snakes
name an animal in the bible that is brought up all the time.	cows
name something in your house that's too big to throw at someone you're fighting with.	television
name something in your house that's too big to throw at someone you're fighting with.	sofa
name something in your house that's too big to throw at someone you're fighting with.	refrigerator
name something in your house that's too big to throw at someone you're fighting with.	table
name something in your house that's too big to throw at someone you're fighting with.	chair
name something in your house that's too big to throw at someone you're fighting with.	piano
name an accessory you might buy for the 4th of july.	fireworks
name an accessory you might buy for the 4th of july.	flags
name an accessory you might buy for the 4th of july.	party hats
name an accessory you might buy for the 4th of july.	grills
name an accessory you might buy for the 4th of july.	balloons
name something people make from grapes.	wine
name something people make from grapes.	jelly
name something people make from grapes.	juice
name something people make from grapes.	raisons
name a popular excuse people give for not going to the gym.	tired
name a popular excuse people give for not going to the gym.	too busy
name a popular excuse people give for not going to the gym.	work
name a popular excuse people give for not going to the gym.	sick
name something people use to decorate their house for christmas.	lights
name something people use to decorate their house for christmas.	tree
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	saddle
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	horse stable
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	stable
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	hay
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	straw
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	bridle
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	rick
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	horse trailer
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	trailer
name something you need to own if you have a horse.	wagon
name something specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest.	gold/coins
name something specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest.	jewels
name something specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest.	weapons
name something specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest.	maps
name something specific a pirate might have hidden in his treasure chest.	booze
name something you bring to the airport.	luggage
name something you bring to the airport.	passport
name something you bring to the airport.	tickets
name something you bring to the airport.	laptop
name something you bring to the airport.	books
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	arnold schwarzenegger
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	jackie chan
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	jean claude van damme
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	sylvester stallone
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	tom cruise
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	the rock
name an action star who could use acting lessons.	chuck norris
name a place where you might find a bible.	church
name a place where you might find a bible.	hotel room
name something that a fisherman might keep in his garage.	fishing pole
name something that a fisherman might keep in his garage.	boat
name something that a fisherman might keep in his garage.	tackle box
name something that a fisherman might keep in his garage.	net
name something that a fisherman might keep in his garage.	bait/worms
name something that a fisherman might keep in his garage.	fish hook
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	baseball
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	football
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	volleyball
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	tennis
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	basketball
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	golf
name a sport you might play on a sunny day.	soccer
name a president that republicans love.	ronald raegan
name a president that republicans love.	george bush
name a president that republicans love.	abraham lincoln
name a president that republicans love.	richard nixon
name a president that republicans love.	fdr
name a president that republicans love.	john kennedy
name a popular tv show from the 1980s.	the cosby show
name a popular tv show from the 1980s.	cheers
name a popular tv show from the 1980s.	family ties
name a popular tv show from the 1980s.	saved by the bell
name something that's sexier when it's bright red.	lingerie/undies
name something that's sexier when it's bright red.	dress
name something that's sexier when it's bright red.	lipstick
name something that's sexier when it's bright red.	car
name a source of gossip.	social media
name a source of gossip.	magazines
name a source of gossip.	colleagues
name a source of gossip.	friends
name a source of gossip.	family
name something a 10-year-old boy might ask santa for	bike
name something a 10-year-old boy might ask santa for	video game
name something that might be stuffed inside a ravioli. ("meat" is not a answer. be more specific.)	beef
name something that might be stuffed inside a ravioli. ("meat" is not a answer. be more specific.)	cheese
name something that might be stuffed inside a ravioli. ("meat" is not a answer. be more specific.)	sauce
name something that might be stuffed inside a ravioli. ("meat" is not a answer. be more specific.)	chicken
name something that might be stuffed inside a ravioli. ("meat" is not a answer. be more specific.)	lobster
name someone who is famous for having a big mouth.	joan rivers
name someone who is famous for having a big mouth.	jim carrey
name someone who is famous for having a big mouth.	kanye west
name someone who is famous for having a big mouth.	oprah winfrey
name someone who is famous for having a big mouth.	howard stern
name someone who is famous for having a big mouth.	rosie o'donnell
name something you need a lot of if you have a large family:	money
name something you need a lot of if you have a large family:	food
name something you need a lot of if you have a large family:	patience
name something you need a lot of if you have a large family:	love
name something you sniff before buying.	perfume
name something you sniff before buying.	fruit
name something you sniff before buying.	meat
name something you sniff before buying.	flowers
name something you sniff before buying.	candles
name something you sniff before buying.	milk
name something you can't live without.	drinking water
name something you can't live without.	air
name something you can't live without.	nourishment
name something you can't live without.	money
name something you can't live without.	cell phone
name something you can't live without.	love
name an animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to.	dogs
name an animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to.	lions
name an animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to.	tiger
name an animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to.	alligator
name an animal you would not want to give mouth to mouth to.	sharks
name a brand of sneaker.	nike
name a brand of sneaker.	adidas
name a brand of sneaker.	skechers
name a brand of sneaker.	reebok
name a brand of sneaker.	converse
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	mother
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	boss
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	spouse
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	police officer
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	judge
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	teacher
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	neighbor
name someone you know better than to interrupt when they're talking to you.	grandmother
name the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story.	morgan freeman
name the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story.	oprah winfrey
name the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story.	james earl jones
name the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story.	maya angelou
name the celebrity you would like to have narrate your life story.	julia roberts
name something teens often do as their first job.	fast food/diner
name something teens often do as their first job.	store cashier
name something teens often do as their first job.	babysitter
name something teens often do as their first job.	paper carrier
name a piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case.	tennis racket
name a piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case.	bowling ball
name a piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case.	golf clubs
name a piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case.	pool cue
name a piece of sporting equipment that has its own carrying case.	cricket bat
name the first thing that tells you to go on a diet.	the scale/heavy
name the first thing that tells you to go on a diet.	clothes too tight
name the first thing that tells you to go on a diet.	friend/family
name the first thing that tells you to go on a diet.	doctor/health
name something that was built better in the good old days.	cars
name something that was built better in the good old days.	houses/buildings
name something that was built better in the good old days.	furniture
name something that was built better in the good old days.	stoves
name something that was built better in the good old days.	families
name something people ride in a 4th of july parade.	floats
name something people ride in a 4th of july parade.	horses
name something people ride in a 4th of july parade.	convertibles
name something people ride in a 4th of july parade.	bikes
name something people ride in a 4th of july parade.	fire trucks
name something people ride in a 4th of july parade.	motorcycles
name an ingredient you find in most italian food.	tomatoes
name an ingredient you find in most italian food.	pasta
name an ingredient you find in most italian food.	garlic
name an ingredient you find in most italian food.	oregano
name a family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera.	birthday
name a family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera.	christmas
name a family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera.	reunion
name a family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera.	wedding
name a family occasion where dad might bring out the video camera.	graduation
name an annoying habit.	nail biting
name an annoying habit.	smoking
name an annoying habit.	cracking bones
name an annoying habit.	chewing loudly
name an annoying habit.	burping
name something people do on your answering machine that drives you crazy.	don't leave message
name something people do on your answering machine that drives you crazy.	leave long message
name something you do on your way to work.	listen to music
name something you do on your way to work.	get coffee
name something you do on your way to work.	drive
name something you do on your way to work.	get food
name something you do on your way to work.	get gas
name a famous person named "jane".	fonda
name a famous person named "jane".	seymour
name a famous person named "jane".	jane doe
name a famous person named "jane".	mansfield
name a famous person named "jane".	tarzan and jane
name a famous person named "jane".	goodall
name something you might blend.	smoothie
name something you might blend.	fruits
name something you might blend.	frozen cocktail
name something you might blend.	cake mix
name something you tap.	foot
name something you tap.	table
name something you tap.	fingers
name something you tap.	drum
name something you tap.	pencil
name something you tap.	beer keg
name something you tap.	feet
name something dads do today that they didn't do 50 years ago.	cook
name something dads do today that they didn't do 50 years ago.	clean
name something dads do today that they didn't do 50 years ago.	stay home with kids
name something medieval knights used in combat.	sword
name something medieval knights used in combat.	lance
name something medieval knights used in combat.	shield
name something medieval knights used in combat.	armor
name something medieval knights used in combat.	mace
name something you might find on a miniature golf course.	golf balls
name something you might find on a miniature golf course.	golf clubs
name something you might find on a miniature golf course.	windmill
name something you might find on a miniature golf course.	holes
name something you might find on a miniature golf course.	astroturf
name something you would not want to stick your nose into.	other's business
name something you would not want to stick your nose into.	poop
name something you would not want to stick your nose into.	garbage
name something you would not want to stick your nose into.	fight
name something you would not want to stick your nose into.	beehive
name a country that ends in 'stan'.	pakistan
name a country that ends in 'stan'.	afghanistan
name a country that ends in 'stan'.	kazakhstan
name a country that ends in 'stan'.	kyrgyzstan
name something you fold. ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific.)	t-shirt
name something you fold. ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific.)	towels
name something you fold. ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific.)	underwear
name something you fold. ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific.)	jeans
name something you fold. ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific.)	sheets
name something you fold. ("clothes" is not an answer, be more specific.)	newspaper
name something you might do while visiting new york city.	visit statue of liberty
name something you might do while visiting new york city.	shop
name something you might do while visiting new york city.	see time square
name something you might do while visiting new york city.	broadway play
name something you might do while visiting new york city.	empire state building
name something you might do while visiting new york city.	sightseeing
name something people get kicked out of.	school
name something people get kicked out of.	bar/nightclub
name something people get kicked out of.	house/apartment
name something people get kicked out of.	movie theater
name something people get kicked out of.	sporting event
name something that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows.	toilet
name something that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows.	river/dam
name something that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows.	bathtub
name something that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows.	washing machine
name something that causes a lot of damage or destruction if it overflows.	volcano
name something that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive.	yell
name something that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive.	hold on to something
name something that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive.	bite their nails
name something that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive.	say a prayer
name something that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive.	hit their "brake"
name something that nervous parents do in the passenger seat while their teen is learning to drive.	close their eyes
name something people have delivered on a regular basis.	newspaper
name something people have delivered on a regular basis.	mail
name something people have delivered on a regular basis.	pizza
name something people have delivered on a regular basis.	baby
name something people have delivered on a regular basis.	milk
name something people have delivered on a regular basis.	groceries
name something men think they know more about than women.	cars
name something men think they know more about than women.	sports
name something men think they know more about than women.	driving
name something men think they know more about than women.	everything
name something a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son.	laundry
name something a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son.	cook
name something a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son.	bathe him
name something a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son.	change diaper
name something a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son.	help him dress
name something a mom shouldn't still have to do for her grown-up son.	pay bills
name something you might see floating in the sky.	balloon
name something you might see floating in the sky.	blimp
name something you might see floating in the sky.	airplane
name something you might see floating in the sky.	clouds
name something you might see floating in the sky.	kite
name someplace you keep your valuables.	safe
name someplace you keep your valuables.	freezer
name someplace you keep your valuables.	drawer
name someplace you keep your valuables.	safe deposit box
name something a guy hates giving up in a divorce.	money
name something a guy hates giving up in a divorce.	house
name something a guy hates giving up in a divorce.	children/wife
name something a guy hates giving up in a divorce.	car
name something a guy hates giving up in a divorce.	half
name something a guy hates giving up in a divorce.	dog
name something most people do not miss about high school.	homework
name something most people do not miss about high school.	teachers
name something most people do not miss about high school.	science
name something most people do not miss about high school.	food
name something most people do not miss about high school.	classes
name something you might do on facebook.	upload content
name something you might do on facebook.	chat
name something you might do on facebook.	play games
name something you might do on facebook.	stalk
name something you might do on facebook.	find people
name something you should never try to take from a cowboy.	hat
name something you should never try to take from a cowboy.	gun
name something you should never try to take from a cowboy.	horse
name something you should never try to take from a cowboy.	boots
name something you should never try to take from a cowboy.	rope/lasso
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	stuffed animal
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	makeup
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	diary
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	posters
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	magazines
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	photos
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	mirror
name something you might find in a teenage girl's bedroom.	stereo
name something you take with you wherever you go.	keys
name something you take with you wherever you go.	laptop
name something you take with you wherever you go.	cell phone
name something you take with you wherever you go.	wallet
name something you take with you wherever you go.	credit card
name something that keeps kids indoors:	bad weather
name something that keeps kids indoors:	illness
name something that keeps kids indoors:	tv
name something that keeps kids indoors:	computer
name something you need if you plan to scuba dive.	oxygen tank
name something you need if you plan to scuba dive.	goggles
name something you need if you plan to scuba dive.	wetsuit
name something you need if you plan to scuba dive.	snorkel
name something you need if you plan to scuba dive.	flippers
name a clothing fabric.	cotton
name a clothing fabric.	silk
name a clothing fabric.	nylon
name a clothing fabric.	satin
name a clothing fabric.	wool
name a clothing fabric.	linen
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	parents/family
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	home
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	food
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	education
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	toys
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	tv
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	health
name something parents are always telling children they're lucky to have.	life
name the place where you'd most hate to be stood up.	wedding
name the place where you'd most hate to be stood up.	at dinner
name the place where you'd most hate to be stood up.	at a bar
name the place where you'd most hate to be stood up.	at prom
name the place where you'd most hate to be stood up.	at the movies
name something that people might go to during the summer.	beaches
name something that people might go to during the summer.	concerts
name something that people might go to during the summer.	swimming pools
name something that people might go to during the summer.	amusement parks
name something that people might go to during the summer.	fireworks
name something that people might go to during the summer.	parades
name a place you go to once or twice a week.	store
name a place you go to once or twice a week.	gym
name a place you go to once or twice a week.	restaurant
name a place you go to once or twice a week.	work
name a place you go to once or twice a week.	church
name a tv show set in high school.	saved by the bell
name a tv show set in high school.	glee
name a tv show set in high school.	welcome back kotter
name a tv show set in high school.	beverly hills 90210
name a tv show set in high school.	degrassi
name something you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup.	candy/chocolate
name something you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup.	garlic
name something you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup.	onions
name something you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup.	gum
name something you shouldn't eat before a dental checkup.	nuts/p'nut butter
name something a good relationship has.	trust
name something a good relationship has.	communication
name something a good relationship has.	love
name something a good relationship has.	respect
name a game kids better not play inside the house.	game with ball
name a game kids better not play inside the house.	tag
name a game kids better not play inside the house.	hide and seek
name a body part you might need to replace as you get older.	hips
name a body part you might need to replace as you get older.	knee
name a body part you might need to replace as you get older.	teeth
name a body part you might need to replace as you get older.	kidney
name a body part you might need to replace as you get older.	heart
name a weapon a scuba diver might use underwater.	spear gun
name a weapon a scuba diver might use underwater.	knife
name a place you'd hate to find toenail clippings.	kitchen/in food
name a place you'd hate to find toenail clippings.	bedroom/in bed
name a place you'd hate to find toenail clippings.	in bathroom
name a place you'd hate to find toenail clippings.	living room/couch
name a musical instrument played with the mouth.	flute
name a musical instrument played with the mouth.	harmonica
name a musical instrument played with the mouth.	trumpet
name a musical instrument played with the mouth.	clarinet
name a musical instrument played with the mouth.	saxophone
name something that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget	ride a bike
name something that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget	tie shoes
name something that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget	walk
name something that, once you learned how to do it, you never forget	drive
name something that can light up the sky.	moon
name something that can light up the sky.	street light
name something that can light up the sky.	fireworks
name something that can light up the sky.	stars
name an attraction you may void because of summer crowds.	amusement parks
name an attraction you may void because of summer crowds.	beaches
name an attraction you may void because of summer crowds.	concerts
name an attraction you may void because of summer crowds.	swimming pools
name an attraction you may void because of summer crowds.	movie theaters
name something on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with.	can opener
name something on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with.	corkscrew
name something on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with.	scissors
name something on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with.	file
name something on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with.	nail clippers
name something on a swiss army knife that you would be surprised to see the swiss army fighting with.	toothpick
name an insulting thing someone might do with a gift you sent them.	throw it away
name an insulting thing someone might do with a gift you sent them.	take back
name an insulting thing someone might do with a gift you sent them.	re-gift
name something that people don't normally pay for in cash.	car
name something that people don't normally pay for in cash.	gas
name something that people don't normally pay for in cash.	house
name something that people don't normally pay for in cash.	food
name a food people throw at politicians.	tomatoes/fruit
name a food people throw at politicians.	eggs
name a food people throw at politicians.	pies
name a food people throw at politicians.	rice
name a bad place for a ball to land on a golf course	water
name a bad place for a ball to land on a golf course	sand
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	car
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	house
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	clothes
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	bed
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	kitchen
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	washer
name the first thing you would replace if you came into some money.	windows
name something a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school.	cough
name something a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school.	vomit
name something a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school.	cry
name something a child does to prove to his parents he's too sick for school.	take temperature
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	money
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	affair
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	phone numbers
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	letters
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	wedding ring
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	photos
name something a man might hide right before he divorces his wife.	new address
name a command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life.	mute/ volume
name a command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life.	pause
name a command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life.	rewind
name a command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life.	stop
name a command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life.	fast forward
name a command on your remote control that you wish you could use in your daily life.	off/ power
name something specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on.	jacket/sweater
name something specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on.	sunscreen
name something specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on.	shoes
name something specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on.	seat belt
name something specific that moms are always telling their kids to put on.	hat/hood
name a possession men like to boast about having.	nice car
name a possession men like to boast about having.	money
name a possession men like to boast about having.	boat
name a possession men like to boast about having.	gun
name a possession men like to boast about having.	motorcycle
name a possession men like to boast about having.	women
name a possession men like to boast about having.	truck
name something a dentist might give you.	toothbrush
name something a dentist might give you.	anesthesia
name something a dentist might give you.	fillings
name something a dentist might give you.	floss
name something a dentist might give you.	root canal
name a greek god that everyone knows.	zeus
name a greek god that everyone knows.	poseidon
name a greek god that everyone knows.	hera
name a greek god that everyone knows.	ares
name a greek god that everyone knows.	aphrodite
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	repairing it
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	it
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	fixing it
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	cleaning
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	ornaments
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	mistletoe
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	ivy
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	holly
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	decorations
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	scrubbing
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	organizing
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	tidying
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	fix antenna
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	aerial
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	antenna
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	adjust antenna
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	sphere
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	soccer
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	softball
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	ball
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	orb
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	kickball
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	dodgeball
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	hardball
name a reason you might be up on your roof.	football
name a country you feel the u.s. should defend if the country was threatened.	canada
name a country you feel the u.s. should defend if the country was threatened.	england
name a country you feel the u.s. should defend if the country was threatened.	israel
name a country you feel the u.s. should defend if the country was threatened.	united states
name a country you feel the u.s. should defend if the country was threatened.	france
name something you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer.	degree
name something you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer.	briefcase
name something you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer.	money
name something you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer.	brains
name something you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer.	integrity
name something you would need if you wanted to be a lawyer.	secretary
name a household item people often buy on credit.	television
name a household item people often buy on credit.	sofa
name a household item people often buy on credit.	refrigerator
name a household item people often buy on credit.	stove
name a household item people often buy on credit.	washing machine
name a household item people often buy on credit.	computer
name something people change on a regular basis.	clothes
name something people change on a regular basis.	tv channel
name something people change on a regular basis.	their minds
name something people change on a regular basis.	hair
name a snack you might have at the movies.	popcorn
name a snack you might have at the movies.	nacho
name a snack you might have at the movies.	milk-duds
name a snack you might have at the movies.	sno-caps
name something a person having a midlife crisis might do.	buy a sports car
name something a person having a midlife crisis might do.	have an affair
name something a person having a midlife crisis might do.	drink
name something a person having a midlife crisis might do.	change appearance
name something a person having a midlife crisis might do.	change jobs
name a movie that has magic in it.	harry potter
name a movie that has magic in it.	hocus pocus
name a movie that has magic in it.	cinderella
name a movie that has magic in it.	now you see me
name a movie that has magic in it.	practical magic
name something a caveman might use to fight a sabre-toothed tiger.	club
name something a caveman might use to fight a sabre-toothed tiger.	spear
name something specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake.	jewelry
name something specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake.	breasts
name something specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake.	hair
name something specific that a person might have that he or she won't tell you is really fake.	teeth
name something doctors tell us to avoid.	smoking
name something doctors tell us to avoid.	fat
name something doctors tell us to avoid.	salt
name something doctors tell us to avoid.	cholesterol
name something doctors tell us to avoid.	stress
name something doctors tell us to avoid.	red meat
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	chimney
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	car
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	pipe
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	barbecue
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	house
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	train
name something you might see smoke coming out of.	factory
name a food a pregnant woman might crave.	pickles
name a food a pregnant woman might crave.	ice cream
name a food a pregnant woman might crave.	chocolate
name a food a pregnant woman might crave.	french fries
name something a department store santa might hate about his job.	hates the kids
name something a department store santa might hate about his job.	hates the adults
name something a department store santa might hate about his job.	hates the costume
name something a department store santa might hate about his job.	hates the hours
name something a department store santa might hate about his job.	hates sitting
name something dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid.	bark
name something dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid.	chase tail
name something dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid.	chase cats
name something dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid.	sniff stuff
name something dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid.	lick stuff
name something dogs do that cats probably think is really stupid.	car chasing
name something specific someone might ask for when ordering a hamburger.	well done
name something specific someone might ask for when ordering a hamburger.	cheese
name something specific someone might ask for when ordering a hamburger.	onions
name something specific someone might ask for when ordering a hamburger.	medium
name something specific someone might ask for when ordering a hamburger.	ketchup
name something specific someone might ask for when ordering a hamburger.	pickles
name a place where you have to keep quiet.	public library
name a place where you have to keep quiet.	church
name a place where you have to keep quiet.	hospital
name a place where you have to keep quiet.	court
name something that's bigger on miss universe than on mr. universe.	chest
name something that's bigger on miss universe than on mr. universe.	hair
name something that's bigger on miss universe than on mr. universe.	crown
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	diapers
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	clothes
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	crib sheets
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	stroller
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	crib
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	diaper bag
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	bottles
name a gift a woman might receive at a baby shower.	baby toys
name an expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house:	food
name an expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house:	clothing
name an expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house:	phone
name an expense that's likely to skyrocket with a teen in the house:	car insurance
name something you see inside a pyramid.	mummy
name something you see inside a pyramid.	tomb
name something you see inside a pyramid.	pharaoh
name something you see inside a pyramid.	gold
name something you see inside a pyramid.	hieroglyphics
name something specific you might hide:	money
name something specific you might hide:	jewelry
name something specific you might hide:	diary
name something specific you might hide:	gifts
name something specific you might hide:	keys
name something that comes in a spray can.	hair spray
name something that comes in a spray can.	spray paint
name something that comes in a spray can.	air freshener
name something that comes in a spray can.	deodorant
name something that comes in a spray can.	easy cheese
name something that comes in a spray can.	bug spray
name something you hate to wash.	dishes
name something you hate to wash.	car
name something you hate to wash.	clothes
name something you hate to wash.	dog
name something you hate to wash.	underwear
name something you hate to wash.	socks
name something bats do that people don't.	sleep during day
name something bats do that people don't.	sleep upside down
name something bats do that people don't.	fly
name something a computer has that a typewriter does not.	monitor
name something a computer has that a typewriter does not.	mouse
name something a computer has that a typewriter does not.	hard drive
name something a computer has that a typewriter does not.	memory
name something a computer has that a typewriter does not.	printer
name something a computer has that a typewriter does not.	modem
name a superstition that many brides follow on their wedding day.	old new borrow blue
name a superstition that many brides follow on their wedding day.	don't see groom before
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult.	mathematics
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult.	chemistry
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult.	english
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult.	physics
name a high school subject that kids consider difficult.	biology
name something your body tells you it's time to do.	sleep
name something your body tells you it's time to do.	go to bathroom
name something your body tells you it's time to do.	eat
name something your body tells you it's time to do.	wake up
name something teenagers teach their parents how to use.	computer
name something teenagers teach their parents how to use.	mobile phone
name something teenagers teach their parents how to use.	ipod
name something teenagers teach their parents how to use.	video game
name something teenagers teach their parents how to use.	electronics
name a reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise.	work hard
name a reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise.	cost of living
name a reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise.	extra duty
name a reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise.	family
name a reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise.	worked for years
name a reason people give to their bosses, when they ask for a raise.	better job offer
name a big city in texas.	houston
name a big city in texas.	dallas
name a big city in texas.	austin
name a big city in texas.	san antonio
name someplace where you'd see a diamond.	jewelry store
name someplace where you'd see a diamond.	ring
name an animal that is also an astrological sign.	lion
name an animal that is also an astrological sign.	bull
name an animal that is also an astrological sign.	ram
name an animal that is also an astrological sign.	scorpion
name a part of the body that doesn't get sunburned.	backside
name a part of the body that doesn't get sunburned.	soles of feet
name a part of the body that doesn't get sunburned.	eyes
name a part of the body that doesn't get sunburned.	armpit
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	cricket
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	hockey
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	lacrosse
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	rugby
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	fencing
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	baseball
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	boxing
name a sport that requires protective clothing.	football
name something you might only wear on a special occasion.	dress
name something you might only wear on a special occasion.	tuxedos
name something you might only wear on a special occasion.	jewelry
name something you might only wear on a special occasion.	tie
name something you might only wear on a special occasion.	a suit
name something you might only wear on a special occasion.	high heels
name something that grows back.	hair
name something that grows back.	grass
name something that grows back.	nails
name something that grows back.	flowers
name something that grows back.	weeds
name a punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals.	time out
name a punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals.	spanking
name a punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals.	grounded
name a punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals.	no tv
name a punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals.	sent to bed
name a punishment children get for bad behavior that wouldn't be very effective to use on criminals.	no toys/games
name something you gain as you get older.	wisdom
name something you gain as you get older.	patience
name something you gain as you get older.	gray hair
name something you gain as you get older.	children
name a food or drink that begins with the word "hot."	hot tamale
name a food or drink that begins with the word "hot."	hot chocolate
name a food or drink that begins with the word "hot."	hot coffee
name a food or drink that begins with the word "hot."	hot dog
name a food or drink that begins with the word "hot."	hot cross buns
name a food or drink that begins with the word "hot."	hot tea
name a part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks.	eyes
name a part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks.	bones
name a part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks.	head
name a part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks.	tail
name a part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks.	fins
name a part of the fish you wouldn't want to find in your fish sticks.	intestines
name something that people typically trip over.	cables
name something that people typically trip over.	shoes
name something that people typically trip over.	carpet
name something that people typically trip over.	toys
name something that people typically trip over.	pets
name something that people typically trip over.	stairs
name something you bring indoors when it starts raining.	pet
name something you bring indoors when it starts raining.	patio furniture
name something you bring indoors when it starts raining.	clothes/laundry
name something you bring indoors when it starts raining.	myself/kids
name a book you go to for answers.	dictionary
name a book you go to for answers.	encyclopedia
name a book you go to for answers.	bible
name a book you go to for answers.	cookbook
name a book you go to for answers.	almanac
name something you have a one in a million chance of experiencing.	lottery win
name something you have a one in a million chance of experiencing.	true love
name something you have a one in a million chance of experiencing.	fame
name something you have a one in a million chance of experiencing.	lightning strike
name something you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you.	salary
name something you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you.	vacation
name something you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you.	long hours
name something you could ask during a job interview that might make the person think twice about hiring you.	breaks
name something people file for.	divorce
name something people file for.	taxes
name something people use an excuse to get out of.	work
name something people use an excuse to get out of.	school
name something people use an excuse to get out of.	jury duty
name something people use an excuse to get out of.	date
name something people use an excuse to get out of.	party
name something you should do when there is a heat warning.	stay home
name something you should do when there is a heat warning.	drink water
name something you should do when there is a heat warning.	use ac
name something you should do when there is a heat warning.	go swimming
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	cries
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	facelift
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	celebrate
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	dyes hair
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	menopause
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	makeover
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	lies about age
name something a woman does when she turns fifty.	takes a vacation
name a way people listened to music before ipods.	radio
name a way people listened to music before ipods.	cd player
name a way people listened to music before ipods.	cassette
name a way people listened to music before ipods.	vinyl records
name something kids learn at preschool.	alphabet
name something kids learn at preschool.	counting
name something kids learn at preschool.	painting
name something kids learn at preschool.	reading
name something kids learn at preschool.	colouring
name something kids learn at preschool.	english
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	money
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	keys
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	jewelry
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	teeth
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	papers
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	creditcards
name something people hide on purpose and can't remember where they put it.	credit cards
name something you hate to see people doing at salad bars.	using fingers
name something you hate to see people doing at salad bars.	sneezing/coughing
name something you hate to see people doing at salad bars.	putting it back
name something you hate to see people doing at salad bars.	taste/sampling
name something you hate to see people doing at salad bars.	taking too long
name something you would never see donald trump without.	money
name something you would never see donald trump without.	dating
name something you would never see donald trump without.	haircut
name something you would never see donald trump without.	nice clothes
name something a kid might put off until the end of summer.	reading
name something a kid might put off until the end of summer.	homework
name something a kid might put off until the end of summer.	cleaning
name something a kid might put off until the end of summer.	hair cut
name something a kid might put off until the end of summer.	shopping
name something a kid might put off until the end of summer.	studying
name a place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them.	casinos
name a place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them.	video arcade
name a place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them.	laundromat
name a place people go when they might take a lot of coins with them.	bank
name something that has a screen.	television
name something that has a screen.	computers
name something that has a screen.	door
name something that has a screen.	windows
name something that has a screen.	cell phone
name something that has a screen.	movie theater
name something you might clean.	bathroom
name something you might clean.	kitchen
name something you might clean.	dishes
name something you might clean.	clothes
name a reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool.	dirty
name a reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool.	cannot swim
name a reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool.	cold
name a reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool.	afraid
name a reason you might not want to go into a swimming pool.	just ate
name a specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny.	bottom
name a specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny.	stomach
name a specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny.	chest
name a specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny.	hips
name a specific part of a skinny dipper that usually doesn't look so skinny.	thighs
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	nike
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	kellogg's
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	mcdonald's
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	campbell's
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	polo
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	coca cola
name a brand you can recognize just from its logo.	apple
name a movie that contains the word "king."	the king & i
name a movie that contains the word "king."	lion king
name a movie that contains the word "king."	king kong
name a movie that contains the word "king."	kingpin
name a movie that contains the word "king."	man who would be
name a movie that contains the word "king."	three kings
name an instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms.	first date/dance
name an instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms.	test
name an instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms.	lying
name an instance where a teenager might get sweaty palms.	public speaking
name something people call the police to report.	burglary
name something people call the police to report.	noisy neighbors
name something people call the police to report.	accidents
name something people call the police to report.	a cookie
name something people call the police to report.	stolen car
name something people call the police to report.	vandalism
name something kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables.	grow strong
name something kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables.	get dessert
name something kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables.	be healthy
name something kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables.	better vision
name something kids are told will happen if they eat all their vegetables.	hair on chest
name something you put on pizza.	cheese
name something you put on pizza.	pepperoni
name something you put on pizza.	mushroom
name something you put on pizza.	sausage
name something you put on pizza.	sauce
name something you put on pizza.	garlic
name a type of person who carries a sword.	knight
name a type of person who carries a sword.	marine
name a type of person who carries a sword.	gladiator
name a type of person who carries a sword.	samurai
name a type of person who carries a sword.	musketeer
name a type of person who carries a sword.	soldier
name something a parent might take away from a child who is being punished.	tv
name something a parent might take away from a child who is being punished.	toy
name something a parent might take away from a child who is being punished.	video game
name an animal hikers fear running into.	bear
name an animal hikers fear running into.	mountain lion
name something in your house that's easy to break.	glasses
name something in your house that's easy to break.	chinaware
name something in your house that's easy to break.	windows
name something in your house that's easy to break.	mirrors
name something in your house that's easy to break.	vase
name something in your house that's easy to break.	lamps
name a place a kid might store their toys.	toy box
name a place a kid might store their toys.	closet
name a place a kid might store their toys.	under bed
name something people get on and get off.	bus
name something people get on and get off.	horse
name something people get on and get off.	train
name something people get on and get off.	bikes
name something people get on and get off.	feet
name an occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people.	bartender
name an occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people.	police officer
name an occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people.	bouncer
name an occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people.	waitress
name an occupation in which you meet a lot of drunk people.	rehab/aa
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	brad pitt
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	pamela anderson
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	jennifer lopez
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	george clooney
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	channing tatum
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	angelina jolie
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	david hasselhoff
name a celebrity people would want to go to the beach with.	denzel washington
name a trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player.	super speed
name a trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player.	strength
name a trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player.	coordination
name a trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player.	toughness
name a trait you would need to have if you wanted to be an nfl player.	agility
name a way people pass time at an airport.	read
name a way people pass time at an airport.	sleep
name a way people pass time at an airport.	eat
name a way people pass time at an airport.	go to the bar
name a way people pass time at an airport.	listen to music
name a job that is physically demanding.	construction work
name a job that is physically demanding.	fire fighter
name a job that is physically demanding.	personal trainer
name a job that is physically demanding.	athlete
name something you worry you won't have money for.	retirement
name something you worry you won't have money for.	bills
name something you worry you won't have money for.	college
name something you worry you won't have money for.	food
name something you worry you won't have money for.	gas
name something you worry you won't have money for.	entertainment
name something you worry you won't have money for.	new car
name something you worry you won't have money for.	medical
name something people keep in the attic.	clothes
name something people keep in the attic.	christmas decorations
name something people keep in the attic.	boxes
name something people keep in the attic.	furniture
name something people keep in the attic.	pictures 15
name an outdated form of communication.	letters
name an outdated form of communication.	pager
name an outdated form of communication.	telegram
name an outdated form of communication.	telegraph
name an outdated form of communication.	mail
name an outdated form of communication.	payphone
name an outdated form of communication.	morse code
name a place you go to hear music.	concerts
name a place you go to hear music.	night club
name a place you go to hear music.	bars
name a place you go to hear music.	car
name a place you go to hear music.	opera
name a reason why couples elope.	finances
name a reason why couples elope.	family problems
name a reason why couples elope.	love/want to
name a reason why couples elope.	"with child"
name a reason why couples elope.	they're dumb/nuts
name a specific part of batman's costume	cape
name a specific part of batman's costume	mask
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	waitress
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	cleaning
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	construction
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	nursing
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	house wife
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	teaching
name an occupation where a woman works hard for the money.	factory worker
name something you might lose on the dance floor.	wallet
name something you might lose on the dance floor.	keys
name something you might lose on the dance floor.	earrings
name something you might lose on the dance floor.	dignity
name something you drink out of the bottle.	soda
name something you drink out of the bottle.	water
name something you drink out of the bottle.	beer
name something you drink out of the bottle.	juice
name something a woman looks forward to that a man dreads.	shopping
name something a woman looks forward to that a man dreads.	wedding/party
name something a woman looks forward to that a man dreads.	going out/dinner
name something a woman looks forward to that a man dreads.	anniversary
name something a woman looks forward to that a man dreads.	time with in-laws
name something a woman looks forward to that a man dreads.	valentine's day
name something you buy for a dog.	bone
name something you buy for a dog.	collar
name something you buy for a dog.	food
name something you buy for a dog.	leash
name something you buy for a dog.	ball
name something you buy for a dog.	kennel
name something you buy for a dog.	biscuits
name an occupation kids think is heroic:	firefighter
name an occupation kids think is heroic:	police officer
name an occupation kids think is heroic:	astronaut
name an occupation kids think is heroic:	pilot
name an occupation kids think is heroic:	pro athlete
name an occupation kids think is heroic:	race car driver
name something specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas.	socks
name something specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas.	money
name something specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas.	underwear
name something specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas.	candy/cookies
name something specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas.	pajamas
name something specific your mom is always sure to give you for christmas.	guilt trip
name a job which you need to wash your hands often	nurse
name a job which you need to wash your hands often	cook
name something you need to play trivial pursuit.	cards
name something you need to play trivial pursuit.	players
name something you need to play trivial pursuit.	board
name something you need to play trivial pursuit.	dice
name something you need to play trivial pursuit.	knowledge
name something you need to play trivial pursuit.	a good memory
name something you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight.	candy
name something you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight.	hamburders
name something you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight.	cake
name something you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight.	ice cream
name something you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight.	bread
name something you would stop eating if you wanted to lose weight.	chips
name a kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed.	dentist
name a kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed.	optometrist
name a kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed.	vet
name a kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed.	podiatrist
name a kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed.	psychologist
name a kind of doctor who would shock you if they asked you to get undressed.	gp
name something you need relief from on occasion.	kids
name something you need relief from on occasion.	illness
name something you need relief from on occasion.	work
name something you need relief from on occasion.	school
name something you need relief from on occasion.	stress
name something you need relief from on occasion.	bills
name something you need relief from on occasion.	lousy weather
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	taffy
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	gum/gummy candy
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	hard candy/sucker
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	milk duds/caramel
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	sugar daddy/slo-poke
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	heath/toffee
name a specific candy that's so sticky it could pull out grandpa's dentures.	licorice
name a us state everyone wants to live in.	florida
name a us state everyone wants to live in.	california
name a us state everyone wants to live in.	hawaii
name a us state everyone wants to live in.	new york
name a us state everyone wants to live in.	colorado
name something an accountant stocks up on for tax season.	pencils/pens
name something an accountant stocks up on for tax season.	paper
name something an accountant stocks up on for tax season.	forms
name something an accountant stocks up on for tax season.	envelopes
name something an accountant stocks up on for tax season.	stamps
name something an accountant stocks up on for tax season.	calculators
name a job that teenagers do when they need money.	restaurant worker
name a job that teenagers do when they need money.	yard work
name a job that teenagers do when they need money.	babysit
name a job that teenagers do when they need money.	supermarket
name a job that teenagers do when they need money.	lifeguard
name a place where people are required to show id.	bar
name a place where people are required to show id.	store
name a place where people are required to show id.	bank
name a place where people are required to show id.	airport
name something people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with.	snore
name something people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with.	steal blanket
name something people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with.	pass gas
name something people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with.	read
name something people do in bed that might annoy the person they are sleeping with.	eat
name a common last name.	smith
name a common last name.	jones
name a common last name.	taylor
name a common last name.	williams
name a common last name.	brown
name a sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans.	soccer
name a sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans.	hockey
name a sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans.	gymnastics
name a sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans.	running/track
name a sport in which foreign athletes are usually superior to americans.	basketball
name a color a pirate would not want his flag to be.	pink
name a color a pirate would not want his flag to be.	all white
name a color a pirate would not want his flag to be.	red
name a color a pirate would not want his flag to be.	yellow
name a color a pirate would not want his flag to be.	black
name a color a pirate would not want his flag to be.	orange
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	anniversary
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	valentine's day
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	cleaning house
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	wedding
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	birthday
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	mother's day
name an occasion a woman thinks is important and a man thinks is a nuisance.	hair appointment
name a movie or tv show that was set in outer space.	star trek
name a movie or tv show that was set in outer space.	star wars
name a movie or tv show that was set in outer space.	lost in space
name a movie or tv show that was set in outer space.	apollo 13
name a movie or tv show that was set in outer space.	2001 space ody..
name a movie or tv show that was set in outer space.	armageddon
name a reason a person might not be hired for a job.	no experience
name a reason a person might not be hired for a job.	criminal record
name a reason a person might not be hired for a job.	appearance
name a reason a person might not be hired for a job.	bad attitude
name something you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving.	smoke
name something you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving.	drink
name something you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving.	wear shoes
name something you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving.	clean
name something you wouldn't let people do in your house if you hosted thanksgiving.	eat in living room
name a u.s. national park.	yellowstone
name a u.s. national park.	yosemite
name a u.s. national park.	grand canyon
name a u.s. national park.	everglades
name a reason why your eyes might tear up.	chopping onions
name a reason why your eyes might tear up.	crying
name a reason why your eyes might tear up.	allergies
name a reason why your eyes might tear up.	sad
name a reason why your eyes might tear up.	dirt in eyes
name a reason why your eyes might tear up.	cold weather
name a job that involves horses.	jockey
name a job that involves horses.	rancher
name a job that involves horses.	veterinarian
name a job that involves horses.	horse trainer
name a job that involves horses.	stablehand
name a job that involves horses.	policeman
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	parents
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	boss
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	everyone
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	children
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	coworkers
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	friends
name someone you try to keep your personal problems from.	in-laws
name a job that requires a lot of public speaking.	politician
name a job that requires a lot of public speaking.	lawyer
name a job that requires a lot of public speaking.	broadcaster
name a job that requires a lot of public speaking.	teacher
name a job that requires a lot of public speaking.	motivational speaker
name something a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her.	eating/grazing
name something a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her.	she's going potty
name something a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her.	she's sleeping
name something a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her.	giving birth
name something a cow might be doing that might make it a bad time to milk her.	she's mating
name something you wouldn't want your parents catching you doing.	smoking cigarettes
name something you wouldn't want your parents catching you doing.	skipping class
name something you wouldn't want your parents catching you doing.	kissing
name a gift you bring someone who's invited you for dinner.	wine
name a gift you bring someone who's invited you for dinner.	flowers/plant
name a gift you bring someone who's invited you for dinner.	cake/pie
name a gift you bring someone who's invited you for dinner.	box of candy
name a gift you bring someone who's invited you for dinner.	candle
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	john travolta
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	fred astaire
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	travolta
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	astaire
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	ricky martin
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	sammy davis jr
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	will smith
name a man who is famous for dancing in the movies.	gregory hines
name something that most children can operate better than their parents.	computer
name something that most children can operate better than their parents.	video games
name something that most children can operate better than their parents.	bike
name something that most children can operate better than their parents.	dvd player
name something that most children can operate better than their parents.	cellular phone
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	truck
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	airplane
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	motorcycle
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	tractor
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	forklift
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	army tank
name a vehicle that's harder to operate than a car.	lawn mower
name something you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed.	my mate
name something you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed.	my pet
name something you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed.	my blanket/sheets
name something you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed.	my pillow
name something you have in your bed at home that they might not let you keep in a hospital bed.	my stuffed animal
name a part of the body that often gets sunburned.	face
name a part of the body that often gets sunburned.	arms
name a part of the body that often gets sunburned.	nose
name a part of the body that often gets sunburned.	shoulders
name a part of the body that often gets sunburned.	back
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	towels
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	soap
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	shampoo/condition
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	pillow
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	glasses/dishes
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	robes
name something you've "borrowed" from a hotel room.	ashtray
name something you'd find in a hotel room.	bed
name something you'd find in a hotel room.	bible
name something you'd find in a hotel room.	mini bar
name something you'd find in a hotel room.	towels
name something you'd find in a hotel room.	tv
name something you'd find in a hotel room.	phone
name a clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at.	victoria's secret
name a clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at.	hot topic
name a clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at.	abercrombie & fitch
name a clothing store that you would be embarrassed to see your parent shopping at.	forever 21
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	pens
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	paper clips
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	paper
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	envelopes
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	stamps
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	tape
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	rubber bands
name a stationery item people sneak home from the office:	staples
name something you might see at a 4th of july party.	fireworks
name something you might see at a 4th of july party.	american flag
name something you might see at a 4th of july party.	watermelon
name something you might see at a 4th of july party.	hamburgers
name something you might see at a 4th of july party.	barbecue
name something you might do to prepare for the first day of school.	haircut
name something you might do to prepare for the first day of school.	pick an outfit
name something you might do to prepare for the first day of school.	pack backpack
name something you might do to prepare for the first day of school.	sleep
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	attitude
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	breath
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	weight
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	personality
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	haircut
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	looks
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	clothes
name something about yourself you'd hate to be told is bad.	body odor
name something a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't.	lovesickness
name something a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't.	his horse
name something a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't.	his dog
name something a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't.	cowboys
name something a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't.	a pickup truck
name something a country western singer sings about but a rapper wouldn't.	the farm
name something that gives men a feeling of power.	money
name something that gives men a feeling of power.	car
name something that gives men a feeling of power.	job
name something that gives men a feeling of power.	their ego
name something that gives men a feeling of power.	women
name something that gives men a feeling of power.	gun
name a popular color for a house.	white
name a popular color for a house.	grey
name a popular color for a house.	beige
name a popular color for a house.	tan
name a popular color for a house.	blue
name a popular color for a house.	green
name a popular color for a house.	yellow
name something you might see when visiting rome.	vatican
name something you might see when visiting rome.	coliseum
name something you might see when visiting rome.	pope
name something you might see when visiting rome.	trevi fountain
name something you might see when visiting rome.	pantheon
name something specific that has wings.	chickens
name something specific that has wings.	airplanes
name something specific that has wings.	eagles
name something specific that has wings.	butterflies
name something specific that has wings.	bats
name something specific that has wings.	angels
name an appliance you would hate to live without.	refrigerator
name an appliance you would hate to live without.	microwave
name an appliance you would hate to live without.	stove
name an appliance you would hate to live without.	air conditioner
name an appliance you would hate to live without.	television
name an appliance you would hate to live without.	dishwasher
name something that gets tuned.	radio
name something that gets tuned.	television
name something that gets tuned.	car
name something that gets tuned.	guitar
name something that gets tuned.	piano
name a place where adults go to relax while kids go to play.	park
name a place where adults go to relax while kids go to play.	beach
name a place where adults go to relax while kids go to play.	swimming pool
name something you put sugar on.	cereal
name something you put sugar on.	coffee
name something you put sugar on.	cookies
name something you put sugar on.	strawberries
name something you put sugar on.	grapefruit
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	getting married
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	spending
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	cheating
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	skydiving
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	stealing
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	lending money
name something people have second thoughts about doing.	gambling
name an animal that you think of as dirty.	pig
name an animal that you think of as dirty.	rat
name an animal that you think of as dirty.	skunk
name an animal that you think of as dirty.	dog
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	toasters
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	towels
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	lingerie
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	sheets
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	dishes
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	irons
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	blenders
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	can openers
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	coffee makers
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	crock pots
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	glasses
name something a bride always gets several of at a shower:	cards
name something a teenager might bring to school.	phone
name something a teenager might bring to school.	backpack
name something a teenager might bring to school.	books
name something a teenager might bring to school.	mp3 player
name something a teenager might bring to school.	lunch
name one reason someone might choose one rental video store over another	price
name one reason someone might choose one rental video store over another	variety
name something that is made with apples.	pie
name something that is made with apples.	sauce
name something that is made with apples.	cider
name something that is made with apples.	turnover
name a reason why you choose one job over another.	salary
name a reason why you choose one job over another.	enjoy the work
name a reason why you choose one job over another.	benefits
name a reason why you choose one job over another.	location
name a reason why you choose one job over another.	advancement
name a reason why you choose one job over another.	boss
name something people might ask for at a cookout.	beer
name something people might ask for at a cookout.	napkin
name something people might ask for at a cookout.	soda
name something people might ask for at a cookout.	hamburger
name something people might ask for at a cookout.	hot dog
name something people might ask for at a cookout.	ketchup
name a female disney character.	minnie mouse
name a female disney character.	snow white
name a female disney character.	cinderella
name a female disney character.	pocahontas
name something a farmer uses which might cause an injury.	tractor
name something a farmer uses which might cause an injury.	pitch fork
name something a farmer uses which might cause an injury.	plow
name something a lifeguard should know how to do.	swim
name something a lifeguard should know how to do.	cpr
name something a lifeguard should know how to do.	save a life
name something a lifeguard should know how to do.	spot danger
name something college students stay up all night doing.	studying
name something college students stay up all night doing.	partying
name something college students stay up all night doing.	watching tv
name something college students stay up all night doing.	talking
name something that people stretch.	legs/bodies
name something that people stretch.	rubber band
name something that people stretch.	budget/money
name something that people stretch.	clothes/shoes
name something that people stretch.	the truth
name a household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days.	cat
name a household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days.	fish
name a household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days.	bird
name a household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days.	dog
name a household pet you could leave by itself for a couple of days.	snake
name an animal that likes to stick out its tongue.	dog
name an animal that likes to stick out its tongue.	snake
name an animal that likes to stick out its tongue.	lizard/iguana
name an animal that likes to stick out its tongue.	anteater
name an animal that likes to stick out its tongue.	monkey
name an animal that likes to stick out its tongue.	frog
name something the country of china is known for.	great food
name something the country of china is known for.	great wall
name something the country of china is known for.	communism
name something the country of china is known for.	mao tse-tung
name something the country of china is known for.	pandas
name something the country of china is known for.	chinese new year
name something that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you.	clothes off
name something that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you.	step on scale
name something that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you.	blood pressure
name something that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you.	ask questions
name something that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you.	takes temperature
name something that a nurse asks you to do before the doctor comes in to examine you.	looks in mouth
name something batman doesn't leave the batcave without.	batmobile
name something batman doesn't leave the batcave without.	cape
name something batman doesn't leave the batcave without.	robin
name something batman doesn't leave the batcave without.	utility belt
name something specific you make sure to clean before company comes over.	bathroom
name something specific you make sure to clean before company comes over.	kitchen
name something specific you make sure to clean before company comes over.	carpet/floor
name something specific you make sure to clean before company comes over.	living room
name something specific you make sure to clean before company comes over.	myself
name something you know about the earth.	round
name something you know about the earth.	polluted
name something you know about the earth.	planet
name something you know about the earth.	mostly water
name something you know about the earth.	beautiful
name something you know about the earth.	very old
name something you need if you want to go bowling.	ball
name something you need if you want to go bowling.	bowling shoes
name a body part that many songs mention.	the heart
name a body part that many songs mention.	lips
name a body part that many songs mention.	the eyes
name a body part that many songs mention.	the face
name a person people go to when they feel worried.	doctor
name a person people go to when they feel worried.	psychiatrist
name a person people go to when they feel worried.	mother
name a person people go to when they feel worried.	friend
name a person people go to when they feel worried.	counsellor
name a person people go to when they feel worried.	priest
name parts of a bicycle.	tire
name parts of a bicycle.	handle bars
name parts of a bicycle.	peddles
name parts of a bicycle.	seat
name parts of a bicycle.	brakes
name parts of a bicycle.	chains
name something a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking.	car
name something a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking.	razor/shaver
name something a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking.	tie/clothes
name something a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking.	cologne
name something a teenage boy might borrow from his father without asking.	money
name a sport women think is sexy to watch.	basketball
name a sport women think is sexy to watch.	baseball
name a sport women think is sexy to watch.	football
name countries found in the middle east.	iraq
name countries found in the middle east.	iran
name countries found in the middle east.	isreal
name countries found in the middle east.	saudi arabia
name countries found in the middle east.	egypt
name countries found in the middle east.	afghanistan
name something you can adjust on your tv.	volume
name something you can adjust on your tv.	channel
name something you can adjust on your tv.	picture
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	military accomplishment
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	track and field
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	olympics
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	boys scouts
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	police officer
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	saving a life
name something specific for which people receive a badge, ribbon, or medal.	good grades
name something people don't like being too lumpy.	mashed potatoes
name something people don't like being too lumpy.	mattress/bed
name something people don't like being too lumpy.	their bodies
name something people don't like being too lumpy.	hot cereal
name something people don't like being too lumpy.	gravy
name something people don't like being too lumpy.	pillow
name something kids might miss while they are away at summer camp.	family
name something kids might miss while they are away at summer camp.	friends
name something kids might miss while they are away at summer camp.	pets
name something kids might miss while they are away at summer camp.	home
name something kids might miss while they are away at summer camp.	video games
name an animal that eats leaves.	koala
name an animal that eats leaves.	wombat
name an animal that eats leaves.	giraffe
name an animal that eats leaves.	rabbit
name an animal that eats leaves.	panda
name something that might be dangerous to cross.	railroad track
name something that might be dangerous to cross.	street
name something that might be dangerous to cross.	highway
name something that might be dangerous to cross.	river
name something that might be dangerous to cross.	people
name something that might be dangerous to cross.	bridge
name a traffic violation that everyone's committed at least once.	speeding
name a traffic violation that everyone's committed at least once.	not stop
name a gift that would be ideal for a chef.	kitchen knives
name a gift that would be ideal for a chef.	pots and pans
name a gift that would be ideal for a chef.	apron
name a gift that would be ideal for a chef.	spatula
name something people do in their sleep.	snore
name something people do in their sleep.	dream
name something you own that probably has worn out batteries in it:	flashlight
name something you own that probably has worn out batteries in it:	radio
name something you own that probably has worn out batteries in it:	camera
name something you own that probably has worn out batteries in it:	calculator
name something women don't like to do with their husbands.	shop
name something women don't like to do with their husbands.	watch/play sports
name something women don't like to do with their husbands.	argue
name something women don't like to do with their husbands.	make love
name something women don't like to do with their husbands.	watch movie/tv
name a popular variety of pizza.	hawaiian
name a popular variety of pizza.	margherita
name a popular variety of pizza.	capriciosa
name a popular variety of pizza.	supreme
name a popular variety of pizza.	aussie
name a popular variety of pizza.	meat lovers
name something a child might throw a temper tantrum over.	toy
name something a child might throw a temper tantrum over.	candy
name something a child might throw a temper tantrum over.	bedtime
name something a child might throw a temper tantrum over.	no getting their way
name something dad refuses to use when lost on a road trip.	map
name something dad refuses to use when lost on a road trip.	someone's help
name something dad refuses to use when lost on a road trip.	gps
name a type of vehicle that's used in the military.	jeep/hummer
name a type of vehicle that's used in the military.	tank
name a type of vehicle that's used in the military.	airplane
name a type of vehicle that's used in the military.	helicopter
name a type of vehicle that's used in the military.	submarine
name a type of vehicle that's used in the military.	supply truck
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	tired
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	use bathroom
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	car trouble
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	stretch
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	map
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	change drivers
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	police officer
name a reason you might pull over to the shoulder of the road on a long drive.	talk on phone
name a profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers.	celebrity
name a profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers.	politician
name a profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers.	customer service
name a profession where you'd receive lots of mail from strangers.	advice columnist
name something specific babysitters do that irritates parents.	talk on phone
name something specific babysitters do that irritates parents.	mean to children
name something specific babysitters do that irritates parents.	raid the fridge
name something specific babysitters do that irritates parents.	let kids do what they want
name something specific babysitters do that irritates parents.	not clean up
name something specific babysitters do that irritates parents.	friends come over
name an animal you might see in the woods.	deer
name an animal you might see in the woods.	bear
name an animal you might see in the woods.	fox
name an animal you might see in the woods.	squirrel
name an animal you might see in the woods.	wolf
name an animal you might see in the woods.	rabbit
name a fruit found in canned fruit salad.	peach
name a fruit found in canned fruit salad.	pineapple
name a fruit found in canned fruit salad.	pear
name a fruit found in canned fruit salad.	cherry
name a fruit found in canned fruit salad.	grape
name a fruit found in canned fruit salad.	orange
name something a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating.	pig
name something a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating.	cow
name something a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating.	chicken
name something a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating.	grain
name something a farmer has on his farm that he might end up eating.	vegetables
name something you might wear to a job interview.	suit
name something you might wear to a job interview.	blouse
name something you might wear to a job interview.	skirt
name something you might wear to a job interview.	high heels
name one person you would take with you to a desert island.	spouse
name one person you would take with you to a desert island.	girlfriend or boyfriend
name one person you would take with you to a desert island.	a family member
name one person you would take with you to a desert island.	best friend
name a carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses.	hammer
name a carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses.	saw/chain saw
name a carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses.	screwdriver
name a carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses.	drill
name a carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses.	chisel
name a carpenter's tool that you hope a surgeon never uses.	ax
name a political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times.	bill clinton
name a political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times.	george w. bush
name a political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times.	richard nixon
name a political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times.	hillary clinton
name a political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times.	ronald reagan
name a political figure who's known the best of times and the worst of times.	john f. kennedy
name something you dress up for.	weddings
name something you dress up for.	church
name something you dress up for.	party
name something you dress up for.	dates
name something you dress up for.	halloween
name something you dress up for.	work
name something people might share in the summer.	swimming pool
name something people might share in the summer.	sunblock
name something people might share in the summer.	drinks
name something people might share in the summer.	vacation
name something people might share in the summer.	towels
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	go on a vacation
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	sleep
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	relax/rest
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	drink/party
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	take a day off
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	go shopping
name something an accountant might do the day after taxes are due.	keep working
name a city that is known for bad traffic.	new york city
name a city that is known for bad traffic.	boston
name a city that is known for bad traffic.	los angeles
name a city that is known for bad traffic.	chicago
name a city that is known for bad traffic.	atlanta
name a city that is known for bad traffic.	seattle
name a machine that lifts you up.	elevator
name a machine that lifts you up.	forklift
name a machine that lifts you up.	escalator
name a machine that lifts you up.	roller coaster
name a machine that lifts you up.	airplane
name a machine that lifts you up.	crane
name a college that smart people attend.	harvard
name a college that smart people attend.	yale
name a college that smart people attend.	mit
name something a child does when having a temper tantrum.	scream
name something a child does when having a temper tantrum.	stomps
name something a child does when having a temper tantrum.	kicks
name something a child does when having a temper tantrum.	cries
name something a child does when having a temper tantrum.	hold breath
name something a child does when having a temper tantrum.	jumps
name something that beach-goers complain about.	hot stand
name something that beach-goers complain about.	hot sand
name something that beach-goers complain about.	litter
name something that beach-goers complain about.	weather
name something that beach-goers complain about.	crowds
name something that beach-goers complain about.	jelly fish
name something that beach-goers complain about.	jellyfish
name something people have a best one of.	best outfit/shoes
name something people have a best one of.	best friend
name something people have a best one of.	best child
name something people have a best one of.	best car
name something people have a best one of.	best pet
name something people hate waiting for.	bus/transport
name something people hate waiting for.	food/restaurant
name something people hate waiting for.	money/paycheck
name something people hate waiting for.	doctor
name something people hate waiting for.	grocery/checkout
name something people hate waiting for.	movie/tickets
name a place where they have lockers you can rent.	gym
name a place where they have lockers you can rent.	pool
name a place where they have lockers you can rent.	train station
name a place where they have lockers you can rent.	airport
name something scotch.	tape
name something scotch.	whiskey
name something scotch.	kilt
name something scotch.	butterscotch
name a sport that requires a net:	tennis
name a sport that requires a net:	volleyball
name a sport that requires a net:	basketball
name a sport that requires a net:	fishing
name a sport that requires a net:	badminton
name a sport that requires a net:	soccer
name a sport that requires a net:	ping pong
name something that is made out of glass.	windows
name something that is made out of glass.	a glass
name something that is made out of glass.	vase
name something that is made out of glass.	mirrors
name something that is made out of glass.	eye glasses
name something you would see in a church.	pews
name something you would see in a church.	crucifix
name something you would see in a church.	altar
name something you would see in a church.	minister
name something you would see in a church.	pulpit
name something you would see in a church.	bible
name a famous woman named "susan".	sarandon
name a famous woman named "susan".	b. anthony
name a famous woman named "susan".	somers
name a famous woman named "susan".	lucci
name a famous woman named "susan".	hayward
name a famous woman named "susan".	dey
name something people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation.	money
name something people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation.	work
name something people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation.	kids
name something people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation.	house
name something people can't stop worrying about, even on vacation.	pets
name something you always see in western movies.	gun
name something you always see in western movies.	cowboys
name something you always see in western movies.	native americans
name something you always see in western movies.	horse
name something you always see in western movies.	stagecoach
name something you always see in western movies.	john wayne
name something you always see in western movies.	hairy beard
name a kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town:	grocery
name a kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town:	drugstore
name a kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town:	general store
name a kind of store you can find, even in the smallest town:	gas station
name something grandmothers like to knit or sew.	sweater
name something grandmothers like to knit or sew.	quilt
name something grandmothers like to knit or sew.	afghan
name something grandmothers like to knit or sew.	socks
name something grandmothers like to knit or sew.	mittens
name an oscar award category everybody watches.	best actor
name an oscar award category everybody watches.	best picture
name an oscar award category everybody watches.	best song
name an oscar award category everybody watches.	best actress
name an oscar award category everybody watches.	best costume
name something an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl.	beer/drinks
name something an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl.	remote control
name something an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl.	snacks/food
name something an armchair quarterback has nearby during the super bowl.	his buddies
name the toughest u.s. president.	ronald reagan
name the toughest u.s. president.	teddy roosevelt
name the toughest u.s. president.	george w bush
name the toughest u.s. president.	richard nixon
name the toughest u.s. president.	lincoln
name the toughest u.s. president.	bill clinton
name the toughest u.s. president.	george washington
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	monkey/ape
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	dog
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	cat
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	bird
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	rabbit
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	kangaroo
name an animal that's easy to imitate in charades.	elephant
name an instrument that can sound whiny.	violin
name an instrument that can sound whiny.	flute
name an instrument that can sound whiny.	clarinet
name an instrument that can sound whiny.	guitar
name an instrument that can sound whiny.	saxophone
name something your passport reveals about you.	your age
name something your passport reveals about you.	your name
name something your passport reveals about you.	birthday
name something your passport reveals about you.	nationality
name something your passport reveals about you.	place of birth
name something on your plane you hope is working.	engine
name something on your plane you hope is working.	pilot
name something on your plane you hope is working.	washroom
name something on your plane you hope is working.	control panel
name something on your plane you hope is working.	air conditioner
name something on your plane you hope is working.	tv screen
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	violin
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	trumpet
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	flute
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	clarinet
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	tuba
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	piano
name a musical instrument that sounds terrible when someone's learning to play it.	drums
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	sleep
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	television
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	exercise
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	breakfast
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	movie
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	shop
name something you would prefer to do on sunday morning instead of going to church.	read newspaper
name something you do not learn.	good manners
name something you do not learn.	common sense
name something you do not learn.	house work
name something you do not learn.	religion
name something you do not learn.	parenting
name something you do not learn.	walking
name something a person may be required to wear around their neck.	tie
name something a person may be required to wear around their neck.	chain/necklace
name something a person may be required to wear around their neck.	scarf
name something a person may be required to wear around their neck.	identification
name something a person may be required to wear around their neck.	brace
name something specific that people repair for a living.	cars
name something specific that people repair for a living.	plumbing
name something specific that people repair for a living.	air-conditioner
name something specific that people repair for a living.	roof
name something specific that people repair for a living.	computers
name something specific that people repair for a living.	television
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	hardball
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	baseball
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	fastball
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	softball field
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	ice hockey
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	hockey
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	hoops
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	basketball
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	golf
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	football
name a sport where a spectator might get hit by something.	watch football
name a country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket.	mexico
name a country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket.	south africa
name a country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket.	australia
name a country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket.	egypt
name a country people visit where they do not need to pack a jacket.	bahamas
name a sport with the wimpiest athletes.	golf
name a sport with the wimpiest athletes.	tennis
name a sport with the wimpiest athletes.	bowling
name a sport with the wimpiest athletes.	chess
name a sport with the wimpiest athletes.	soccer
name a sport with the wimpiest athletes.	swimming
name the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school.	eat
name the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school.	drop books
name the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school.	gets on the phone
name the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school.	turns on the tv
name the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school.	kicks shoes off
name the first thing a teenager does when he gets home from school.	play on the computer
name a fast-paced sport.	football
name a fast-paced sport.	car racing
name a fast-paced sport.	hockey
name a fast-paced sport.	running
name a fast-paced sport.	tennis
name a fast-paced sport.	basketball
name something every child wants for christmas.	toys
name something every child wants for christmas.	bicycle
name something every child wants for christmas.	money
name something every child wants for christmas.	puppy
name something every child wants for christmas.	video games
name something every child wants for christmas.	pony
name something you do to show your kids who's boss.	ground them
name something you do to show your kids who's boss.	time out
name something you do to show your kids who's boss.	raise your voice
name something you do to show your kids who's boss.	spank them
name something you do to show your kids who's boss.	take away toy
name a way you can tell if someone is cold.	shivering
name a way you can tell if someone is cold.	goosebumps
name a way you can tell if someone is cold.	red face
name a way you can tell if someone is cold.	blue lips
name a job found in every school.	teacher
name a job found in every school.	custodian
name a job found in every school.	principal
name a job found in every school.	secretary
name a job found in every school.	nurse
name something a teenage girl might save her money to buy.	clothes
name something a teenage girl might save her money to buy.	car
name something a teenage girl might save her money to buy.	makeup
name something a teenage girl might save her money to buy.	cell phone
name something a teenage girl might save her money to buy.	shoes
name something a teenage girl might save her money to buy.	jewelry
name something a teen boy does to make himself look older.	mustache
name something a teen boy does to make himself look older.	build muscles
name something a teen boy does to make himself look older.	dress up
name something a teen boy does to make himself look older.	style his hair
name something you can do to get a traffic ticket.	speeding
name something you can do to get a traffic ticket.	running a red light
name something you can do to get a traffic ticket.	no seat belt
name something you can do to get a traffic ticket.	on the phone
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	doctor
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	police officer
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	coroner/mortician
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	news reporter
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	lawyer
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	collection agent
name a job that involves telling people bad news.	clergy
name something specific which people clean for a living:	carpets
name something specific which people clean for a living:	houses
name something specific which people clean for a living:	cars
name something specific which people clean for a living:	windows
name something specific which people clean for a living:	clothes
name something specific which people clean for a living:	offices
name something specific which people clean for a living:	hotel rooms
name something specific which people clean for a living:	chimneys
name something men hate losing.	money/wallet
name something men hate losing.	hair
name something men hate losing.	keys
name something men hate losing.	women
name something men hate losing.	jobs
name something men hate losing.	arguments
name something you can now buy unsalted:	peanuts
name something you can now buy unsalted:	crackers
name something you can now buy unsalted:	potato chips
name something you can now buy unsalted:	popcorn
name something you can now buy unsalted:	canned vegetables
name something you can now buy unsalted:	pretzels
name an expense that's much bigger if you have kids.	grocery bill
name an expense that's much bigger if you have kids.	clothes
name an expense that's much bigger if you have kids.	travel
name a sport where players wear helmets.	football
name a sport where players wear helmets.	hockey
name a sport where players wear helmets.	ice hockey
name a sport where players wear helmets.	fastball
name a sport where players wear helmets.	hardball
name a sport where players wear helmets.	baseball
name a sport where players wear helmets.	softball field
name a sport where players wear helmets.	cycling
name a sport where players wear helmets.	biking
name a sport where players wear helmets.	racing cars
name a sport where players wear helmets.	nascar
name a sport where players wear helmets.	indy car
name a sport where players wear helmets.	grand prix
name a sport where players wear helmets.	formula one
name a sport where players wear helmets.	car racing
name a sport where players wear helmets.	auto racing
name something that people develop.	film/photos
name something that people develop.	illness/disease
name something that people develop.	habits/addictions
name something that people develop.	mind/wisdom
name something that people develop.	attitudes
name something that might happen if you laugh really, really hard.	wet pants
name something that might happen if you laugh really, really hard.	cry
name something that might happen if you laugh really, really hard.	stomach/side ache
name something that might happen if you laugh really, really hard.	can't breathe
name something that might happen if you laugh really, really hard.	"let one go"
name something that makes people panic.	fire
name something that makes people panic.	tornado
name something that makes people panic.	money
name something that makes people panic.	high gas prices
name something that makes people panic.	spiders
name something that makes people panic.	natural disaster
name a sign that people disobey.	stop
name a sign that people disobey.	yield
name a sign that people disobey.	do not enter
name a sign that people disobey.	no littering
name a sign that people disobey.	no smoking
name a sign that people disobey.	speed limit
name something a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do.	get food/drink
name something a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do.	go to bathroom
name something a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do.	find remote/chan.
name something a couch potato might have to get off the couch to do.	answer phone
name something that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land.	lady
name something that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land.	gold
name something that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land.	alcohol
name something that might cause a pirate to bring his ship to land.	party
name an occupation that requires a lot of travel.	salesman
name an occupation that requires a lot of travel.	airline pilot
name an occupation that requires a lot of travel.	flight attendant
name an occupation that requires a lot of travel.	truck driver
name an occupation that requires a lot of travel.	politician
name an occupation that requires a lot of travel.	reporter
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	bed
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	couch
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	floor
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	everywhere
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	next to fireplace
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	living room
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	kitchen
name a place in the house where sleeping dogs lie.	by the door
name something you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth.	toothpaste
name something you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth.	food
name something you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth.	dentist
name something you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth.	toothbrush
name something you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth.	gum
name something you could save money on if you didn't have any teeth.	dental floss
name something you might dig up.	treasure
name something you might dig up.	soil
name something you might dig up.	bones
name something you might dig up.	gold
name something you might dig up.	flowers
name something you might dig up.	weeds
name something children bring home from school.	homework
name something children bring home from school.	lunch
name something children bring home from school.	pantings
name something children bring home from school.	books
name something children bring home from school.	bag
name something children bring home from school.	lice
name something children bring home from school.	friend
name something critics review.	movies
name something critics review.	plays
name something critics review.	books
name something critics review.	music
name something critics review.	tv shows
name a school function at which the school band performs.	sporting event
name a school function at which the school band performs.	concert
name a school function at which the school band performs.	pep rally
name a school function at which the school band performs.	graduation
name a school function at which the school band performs.	homecoming
name a school function at which the school band performs.	dance
name a school function at which the school band performs.	parade
name a specific door you should knock on before entering.	front door
name a specific door you should knock on before entering.	bathroom door
name a specific door you should knock on before entering.	bedroom door
name a specific door you should knock on before entering.	office door
name the most romantic place to propose.	beaches
name the most romantic place to propose.	restaurant
name the most romantic place to propose.	paris
name the most romantic place to propose.	italy
name the most romantic place to propose.	church
name a monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it.	boardwalk
name a monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it.	park place
name a monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it.	go to jail
name a monopoly square you hope to avoid unless you own it.	hotel
name something police will give you a ticket for.	speeding
name something police will give you a ticket for.	run stop sign
name something you hate to get into when it's cold.	car
name something you hate to get into when it's cold.	winter wear
name something you hate to get into when it's cold.	shower
name something you hate to get into when it's cold.	swimming pool
name something you hate to get into when it's cold.	outdoors
name something you hate to get into when it's cold.	bed
name something you've bought that's made you the happiest:	house
name something you've bought that's made you the happiest:	car
name something you've bought that's made you the happiest:	pet
name something you've bought that's made you the happiest:	vcr
name something you've bought that's made you the happiest:	wedding ring
name a country where they seem to hate americans.	iraq
name a country where they seem to hate americans.	france
name a country where they seem to hate americans.	iran
name a country where they seem to hate americans.	russia
name a country where they seem to hate americans.	cuba
name a country where they seem to hate americans.	afghanistan
name something about their mothers that kids brag about.	her cooking
name something about their mothers that kids brag about.	looks
name something about their mothers that kids brag about.	she's cool/nice
name something about their mothers that kids brag about.	her job
name a food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy.	eggs
name a food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy.	tomatoes
name a food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy.	pie
name a food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy.	spaghetti
name a food you'd love to throw at your worst enemy.	cake
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	snake
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	lizard
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	dog
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	spider
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	rat
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	frog
name a boy's pet that a mother might dread feeding.	hamster
name something a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks.	keys
name something a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks.	money
name something a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks.	watch
name something a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks.	ear plugs
name something a man puts in the pocket of his swim trunks.	water goggles
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	watermelon
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	ball
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	balloon
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	keg
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	tire
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	baby
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	whale
name something a man with a big belly looks like he just swallowed.	pillow
name something that you roll up.	cigars
name something that you roll up.	sleeping bags
name something that you roll up.	sleeves
name something that you roll up.	pants
name something that you roll up.	socks
name something that you roll up.	egg roll
other than coins name something people collect	stamps
other than coins name something people collect	dolls
other than coins name something people collect	cars
other than coins name something people collect	rocks
other than coins name something people collect	toys
other than coins name something people collect	seashells
other than coins name something people collect	spoons
other than an airplane, what might a cartoon character use to help them fly?	wings
other than an airplane, what might a cartoon character use to help them fly?	arms
other than an airplane, what might a cartoon character use to help them fly?	bird
other than an airplane, what might a cartoon character use to help them fly?	balloon
other than an airplane, what might a cartoon character use to help them fly?	kite
other than an airplane, what might a cartoon character use to help them fly?	magic carpet
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	work/school
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	party
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	shopping center
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	gym
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	church
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	park
other than a bar name a place where its common to get hit on	beach
other than teeth name something people use a toothbrush to clean	shoes
other than teeth name something people use a toothbrush to clean	toilet
other than teeth name something people use a toothbrush to clean	floor
other than teeth name something people use a toothbrush to clean	jewelry
on an airplane, what do you hope the person behind you avoids doing.	snoring
on an airplane, what do you hope the person behind you avoids doing.	vomiting
other than their kids name something new that a person might "baby."	pet
other than their kids name something new that a person might "baby."	car
other than their kids name something new that a person might "baby."	significant other
on which holiday are the most collect calls made?	christmas
on which holiday are the most collect calls made?	mother's day
on which holiday are the most collect calls made?	father's day
on which holiday are the most collect calls made?	thanksgiving
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	jerry springer
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	oprah
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	dr. phil
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	conan o'brien
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	david letterman
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	tyra banks
of all the talk shows on the air, which is the worst?	rush limbaugh
past or present, name a u.s. president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with.	bill clinton
past or present, name a u.s. president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with.	george w bush
past or present, name a u.s. president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with.	john f kennedy
past or present, name a u.s. president who you wouldn't mind having a beer with.	barack oboma
past or present, name a tv show about a very wealthy family.	dallas
past or present, name a tv show about a very wealthy family.	beverly hill billies
past or present, name a tv show about a very wealthy family.	dynasty
past or present, name a tv show about a very wealthy family.	the cosby show
past or present, name a tv show about a very wealthy family.	fresh prince
past or present, name a tv show about a very wealthy family.	family affair
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	michael phelps
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	mark spitz
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	mary lou retton
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	bruce jenner
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	jesse owens
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	dorothy hamill
past or present, name an olympic champ you admire.	kristy yamaguci
past or present, name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	ben & jen
past or present, name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	bill & hillary
past or present, name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	bobby & whitney
past or present, name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	jen & p. diddy
past or present, name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	michael & lisa m.
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	britney spears
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	jennifer lopez
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	brad pitt/jen a.
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	the clintons
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	george w. bush
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	donald trump
pretend you're psychic and tell me whose divorce you think you'll be reading about next year.	michael douglas
past or present, name an nfl quarterback.	peyton manning
past or present, name an nfl quarterback.	tom brady
past or present, name an nfl quarterback.	joe montana
past or present, name an nfl quarterback.	tony romo
past or present, name an nfl quarterback.	brett farve
past or present, name an actress who played one of charlie's angels.	farrah fawcett
past or present, name an actress who played one of charlie's angels.	drew barrymore
past or present, name an actress who played one of charlie's angels.	lucy liu
past or present, name an actress who played one of charlie's angels.	kate jackson
past or present, name an actress who played one of charlie's angels.	cameron diaz
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	florance joyner
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	road runner
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	carl lewis
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	michael johnson
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	jesse owens
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	flash
real or fictional name someone whos known for being a fast runner	speedy gonzales
real or fictional, name a famous simpson.	bart simpson
real or fictional, name a famous simpson.	o.j. simpson
real or fictional, name a famous simpson.	homer simpson
real or fictional, name a famous simpson.	jessica simpson
real or fictional, name a famous simpson.	marge simpson
real or fictional, name a famous simpson.	maggie simpson
something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix.	personality
something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix.	hight/stature
something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix.	eye color
something about a person that cosmetic surgery can't fix.	hair
superman christmas card ( key words only )	lois lane
superman christmas card ( key words only )	batman
since there are no photo booths, name someplace clark kent now goes to change into superman.	men's room
since there are no photo booths, name someplace clark kent now goes to change into superman.	alley
since there are no photo booths, name someplace clark kent now goes to change into superman.	closet
since there are no photo booths, name someplace clark kent now goes to change into superman.	car
since there are no photo booths, name someplace clark kent now goes to change into superman.	portapotty
something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble.	cheat on wife
something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble.	gamble/lose money
something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble.	go to strip club
something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble.	get married again
something a married man might do in las vegas that would get him in trouble.	commit crime
tell me a reason you might be low on sleep.	overworked
tell me a reason you might be low on sleep.	kids/new baby
tell me a reason you might be low on sleep.	can't sleep
tell me a reason you might be low on sleep.	sick
tell me a reason you might be low on sleep.	studying
tell me an excuse for not going to work that no one really believes	sick
tell me an excuse for not going to work that no one really believes	car trouble
tell me an excuse for not going to work that no one really believes	traffic
tell me an excuse for not going to work that no one really believes	overslept
tell me a fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list	big bad wolf
tell me a fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list	wicked witch
tell me a fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list	grinch
tell me a fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list	scrooge
tell me a fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list	the joker
tell me a fictional character that would have been on santa's "naughty" list	cruella de vil
tell me an excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera	by mistake
tell me an excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera	for wife
tell me an excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera	asleep
tell me an excuse that a tough guy might give if he were caught watching a soap opera	hot actress
tell me something women would want men to wear more often	cologne
tell me something women would want men to wear more often	suit
tell me something women would want men to wear more often	tie
tell me something women would want men to wear more often	shorts
tell me something that waddles	duck
tell me something that waddles	penguin
tell me something that waddles	pregnant woman
tell me something that waddles	toddler
tell me what kids hate most about school	homework
tell me what kids hate most about school	teachers
tell me what kids hate most about school	getting up
tell me what kids hate most about school	math
tell me what kids hate most about school	principal
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	not housetrained
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	bites people
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	chews
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	barks a lot
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	doesn't obey you
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	runs away
tell me a sign that its time to enroll your dog in obedience school	won't come when called
tell me a way to communicate without technology	face to face
tell me a way to communicate without technology	mail
tell me a way to communicate without technology	sign language
tell me a way to communicate without technology	smoke signal
tell me a way to communicate without technology	morse code
tell me a way to communicate without technology	telapathy
tell me a way to communicate without technology	body language
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	6
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	7
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	8
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	5
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	10
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	9
tell me the number of people who can ride comfortably in a van. (numeric only)	2
tell me something a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa").	shop
tell me something a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa").	manicure
tell me something a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa").	hair salon
tell me something a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa").	massage
tell me something a woman might do to spoil herself (more specific than "spa").	bubble bath
tell me a piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are.	address
tell me a piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are.	size of family
tell me a piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are.	how noisy
tell me a piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are.	pets
tell me a piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are.	evening activities
tell me a piece of information that your neighbors are more likely to know about you than your coworkers are.	car you drive
tell me something you might lie to a friend about	age
tell me something you might lie to a friend about	your income
tell me something you might lie to a friend about	weight
tell me something you might lie to a friend about	who you're dating
tell me something you might lie to a friend about	how they look
tell me something you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation	computer
tell me something you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation	phone
tell me something you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation	ax
tell me something you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation	calculator
tell me something you use at work everyday but would hate to have to use on vacation	tools
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	feet
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	hands
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	nose
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	ears
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	mouth
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	butt
tell me a specific part of your body that you never worry about getting fat	neck
tell me something spies wear to disguise their identity	sunglasses
tell me something spies wear to disguise their identity	mask
tell me something spies wear to disguise their identity	wig
tell me something spies wear to disguise their identity	facial hair
tell me something spies wear to disguise their identity	trench coat
tell me something fast-food employees always give you too much of.	ketchup/sauce
tell me something fast-food employees always give you too much of.	napkins
tell me something fast-food employees always give you too much of.	french fries
tell me something fast-food employees always give you too much of.	salt
tell me something fast-food employees always give you too much of.	ice
tell me something fast-food employees always give you too much of.	attitude
tell me a smell most people hate	skunk
tell me a smell most people hate	rotten eggs
tell me a smell most people hate	ammonia
tell me a smell most people hate	onion
tell me a smell most people hate	garlic
tell me something people do with horses but no other farm animals	ride
tell me something people do with horses but no other farm animals	race
tell me something people do with horses but no other farm animals	brush them
tell me something people do with horses but no other farm animals	train/show them
tell me something people do with horses but no other farm animals	change shoes
tell me something that makes some bugs more annoying than others	bite/sting
tell me something that makes some bugs more annoying than others	buzzing
tell me something that makes some bugs more annoying than others	ability to fly
tell me something that makes some bugs more annoying than others	traveling in swarms
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	3
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	2
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	4
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	1
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	5
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	6
tell me how many months it takes before a dog is house trained.(numeric only)	8
tell me a food that goes from your freezer to your toaster.	waffle
tell me a food that goes from your freezer to your toaster.	bread
tell me a food that goes from your freezer to your toaster.	bagel
tell me a food that goes from your freezer to your toaster.	toaster strudel
tell me a word that can start with "hit the ____".	road
tell me a word that can start with "hit the ____".	ball
tell me a word that can start with "hit the ____".	floor
tell me a word that can start with "hit the ____".	wall
tell me a word that can start with "hit the ____".	jackpot
tell me the youngest age when someone should get married	20
tell me the youngest age when someone should get married	18
tell me the youngest age when someone should get married	21
tell me something you can do with your face that's considered sexy.	wear make up
tell me something you can do with your face that's considered sexy.	smile
they say the best things in life are free. name one.	love
they say the best things in life are free. name one.	air
they say the best things in life are free. name one.	nature
they say the best things in life are free. name one.	family
they say the best things in life are free. name one.	god
the last time someone told you to hold on tight, what were you doing?	carnival ride
the last time someone told you to hold on tight, what were you doing?	riding in a car
the last time someone told you to hold on tight, what were you doing?	riding a bike
the last time someone told you to hold on tight, what were you doing?	riding motorcycle
the last time someone told you to hold on tight, what were you doing?	making love
tell me something you could avoid by staying young like peter pan.	wrinkles
tell me something you could avoid by staying young like peter pan.	work
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	park
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	mall/store
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	beach/boardwalk
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	bar
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	train/subway
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	restaurant
tell me a public place that's perfect for people watching.	museum
tell me something you think of when you think of star trek.	captain kirk
tell me something you think of when you think of star trek.	space
tell me something you think of when you think of star trek.	spock
tell me something you think of when you think of star trek.	uss enterprise
tell me something you think of when you think of star trek.	khan
tell me something people shine.	shoes
tell me something people shine.	automobile
tell me something people shine.	silverware
tell me something people shine.	jewelry
tell me something people shine.	flashlight
tell me something people shine.	glass
tell me something that might give you a headache.	loud noises
tell me something that might give you a headache.	kids
tell me something that might give you a headache.	alcochol
tell me something that might give you a headache.	lights
tell me something neighbors fight over.	parking
tell me something neighbors fight over.	noise/loud music
tell me something neighbors fight over.	kids
tell me something neighbors fight over.	property line
tell me something neighbors fight over.	maintaining lawn
tell me something neighbors fight over.	pets
tell me something neighbors fight over.	trees
tell me the best news you've gotten over the phone.	job offer
tell me the best news you've gotten over the phone.	won a contest
tell me the best news you've gotten over the phone.	new baby
tell me the best news you've gotten over the phone.	engagement
tell me something that people hug in bed.	pillow
tell me something that people hug in bed.	person
tell me something that people hug in bed.	teddy bear
tell me something that people hug in bed.	dog/pet
tell me a type of place that has uniformed guards:	bank
tell me a type of place that has uniformed guards:	jail
tell me a type of place that has uniformed guards:	military base
tell me a type of place that has uniformed guards:	buckingham palace
tell me a type of place that has uniformed guards:	embassy
tell me a type of place that has uniformed guards:	museum
tell me something people crack.	nuts
tell me something people crack.	eggs
tell me something people crack.	knuckles
tell me something people crack.	glass/window
tell me something people crack.	safes
tell me something people crack.	ice
tell me a famous dennis.	dennis the menace
tell me a famous dennis.	dennis hopper
tell me a famous dennis.	dennis quaid
tell me a famous dennis.	dennis rodman
tell me a famous dennis.	dennis miller
tell me something that can be distracting while driving.	phone calls
tell me something that can be distracting while driving.	children
tell me something that can be distracting while driving.	texting
tell me something that can be distracting while driving.	radio
tell me something that can be distracting while driving.	passengers
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	stop
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	yield
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	green light
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	slow
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	caution
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	red light
tell me a traffic sign that best describes your love life.	one way
tell me a holiday people wear special colors for.	st. patrick's day
tell me a holiday people wear special colors for.	christmas
tell me a holiday people wear special colors for.	fourth of july
tell me a holiday people wear special colors for.	canada day
to stay undercover what might a criminal have that's fake?	id
to stay undercover what might a criminal have that's fake?	hair
to stay undercover what might a criminal have that's fake?	name
to stay undercover what might a criminal have that's fake?	facial hair
to stay undercover what might a criminal have that's fake?	glasses
tell me an occasion for throwing a party.	birthday
tell me an occasion for throwing a party.	graduation
tell me an occasion for throwing a party.	weddings
tell me an occasion for throwing a party.	christmas
tell me an occasion for throwing a party.	new years
tell me an activity you need special clothes for.	snowboarding
tell me an activity you need special clothes for.	swimming
tell me an activity you need special clothes for.	cooking
tell me an activity you need special clothes for.	hiking
tell me an occupation in which you deal with people's feet.	podiatrist
tell me an occupation in which you deal with people's feet.	manicurist
tell me an occupation in which you deal with people's feet.	shoes saleman
tell me an occupation in which you deal with people's feet.	masseuse
tell me an occupation in which you deal with people's feet.	reflexologist
tell me an occupation in which you deal with people's feet.	nurse
tell me an excuse people give for showing up late.	car trouble
tell me an excuse people give for showing up late.	traffic
tell me an excuse people give for showing up late.	overslept
tell me an excuse people give for showing up late.	ran out of gas
tell me an excuse people give for showing up late.	kids
tell me an excuse people give for showing up late.	long night
tell me something you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off.	showering/bathing
tell me something you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off.	sleeping
tell me something you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off.	on the "throne"
tell me something you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off.	making love
tell me something you'd hate to be doing at home when the fire alarm goes off.	eating/cooking
tell me something mothers tell their children not to do in public.	pick their nose
tell me something mothers tell their children not to do in public.	yell
tell me something mothers tell their children not to do in public.	cry
tell me something mothers tell their children not to do in public.	pee
tell me something mothers tell their children not to do in public.	misbehave
tell me something mothers tell their children not to do in public.	belch
tell me how many pounds a newborn weighs.	7 pounds
tell me how many pounds a newborn weighs.	8 pounds
tell me how many pounds a newborn weighs.	7.5 pounds
tell me how many pounds a newborn weighs.	6 pounds
tell me how many pounds a newborn weighs.	9 pounds
tell me how many pounds a newborn weighs.	6.5 pounds
tell me something you can't control, but you wish you could.	weather
tell me something you can't control, but you wish you could.	other people
tell me something you can't control, but you wish you could.	life
tell me something you can't control, but you wish you could.	time
tell me something you can't control, but you wish you could.	money
tell me something you can't control, but you wish you could.	government
tell me something people do at home when they can't afford to go out.	watch movies
tell me something people do at home when they can't afford to go out.	watch tv
tell me something people do at home when they can't afford to go out.	home cooked meal
tell me something people do at home when they can't afford to go out.	drink
tell me something that smells great when it's new.	car upholstery
tell me something that smells great when it's new.	leather
tell me something that smells great when it's new.	sneakers
tell me something that smells great when it's new.	flowers
tell me something that makes more noise the older it gets.	car
tell me something that makes more noise the older it gets.	people
tell me something that makes more noise the older it gets.	washing machine
tell me something that makes more noise the older it gets.	air conditioner
tell me something that makes more noise the older it gets.	motorcycle
tell me something that a teenager still needs from their parents.	love
tell me something that a teenager still needs from their parents.	guidance
tell me something that a teenager still needs from their parents.	rides
tell me something that a teenager still needs from their parents.	rules
tell me something that a teenager still needs from their parents.	shelter
tell me something people pitch.	ball
tell me something people pitch.	tent
tell me something people pitch.	horseshoes
tell me something people pitch.	sales
tell me something people pitch.	ideas
tell me something people pitch.	hay
tell me something people pitch.	fits
tell me something warm and soothing you hate to get out of.	bathtub
tell me something warm and soothing you hate to get out of.	bed
tell me something warm and soothing you hate to get out of.	car
tell me something warm and soothing you hate to get out of.	nightgown
tell me something warm and soothing you hate to get out of.	chairs
tell me something you keep under your sink.	cleaning supplies
tell me something you keep under your sink.	dish soap
tell me something you keep under your sink.	drain cleaner
tell me something you keep under your sink.	plunger
tell me something you keep under your sink.	toilet paper
unlike a wedding, name a social event that you'd never want to crash	funeral
unlike a wedding, name a social event that you'd never want to crash	birthday
unlike a wedding, name a social event that you'd never want to crash	graduation
unlike a wedding, name a social event that you'd never want to crash	baby shower
unlike a wedding, name a social event that you'd never want to crash	baptism
unlike a wedding, name a social event that you'd never want to crash	anniversary
what might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly?	violence
what might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly?	bad weather
what might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly?	fire
what might happen to cause a rock concert to end abruptly?	power outage
which olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in?	running
which olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in?	swimming
which olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in?	skiing
which olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in?	lomg jump
which olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in?	gymnastics
which olympic sport would a cow look most funny participating in?	figure skating
what would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing?	typing
what would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing?	eating
what would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing?	blowing nose
what would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing?	writing
what would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing?	scratching an itch
what would the guinness award winner for longest fingernails have trouble doing?	tying shoes
what are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky?	airplane
what are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky?	kite
what are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky?	balloons
what are some non-living thing that you might see flying in the sky?	ufo
which person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego	principal
which person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego	teacher
which person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego	star athlete
which person in a school building is likely to get the biggest ego	bully
whats the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant	cry
whats the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant	faint
whats the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant	hug her
whats the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant	celebrate
whats the first thing a husband does when he finds out his wife is pregnant	call family
when scuba diving, name something you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish.	flippers
when scuba diving, name something you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish.	goggles
when scuba diving, name something you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish.	oxygen tank
when scuba diving, name something you have to wear to make yourself more like a fish.	wetsuit
which item does a prank store likely sell a lot of	whoopie cushion
which item does a prank store likely sell a lot of	dog doo doo
which item does a prank store likely sell a lot of	hand buzzer
which item does a prank store likely sell a lot of	decks of cards
which item does a prank store likely sell a lot of	trick gum
which item does a prank store likely sell a lot of	silly string
which sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at?	track
which sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at?	basketball
which sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at?	swimming
which sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at?	boxing
which sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at?	shotput
which sport at the olympics would the average person off the street be most competitive at?	hockey
who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color?	medical professional
who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color?	cop
who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color?	military
who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color?	mail carrier
who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color?	prisoner
who wears a uniform with shirt and pants of the same color?	janitor
what might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving?	moving truck
what might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving?	for sale sign
what might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving?	boxes
what might you see in front of the neighbors' house that lets you know they're moving?	furniture
what are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly?	recycling
what are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly?	buy hybrid car
what are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly?	use less paper
what are some actions people might take to be more earth friendly?	plant trees
what is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on?	tractor
what is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on?	horse
what is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on?	bull
what is the most fun thing a farmer gets to ride on?	farm truck
what do parents most like to receive from their children	hugs
what do parents most like to receive from their children	love
what do parents most like to receive from their children	kisses
what do parents most like to receive from their children	good grades
what do parents most like to receive from their children	artwork
what do parents most like to receive from their children	cards
what do parents most like to receive from their children	respect
what do people miss most about college once they get a job?	partying
what do people miss most about college once they get a job?	friends
what do people miss most about college once they get a job?	freedom
what do people miss most about college once they get a job?	financial help
why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party?	smelly feet
why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party?	dirty floor
why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party?	no socks
why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party?	ugly feet
why might a person refuse to remove their shoes at a party?	cold feet
when wading in a lake, tell me something you feel against your feet	pebbles
when wading in a lake, tell me something you feel against your feet	sand/mud
when wading in a lake, tell me something you feel against your feet	fish
when wading in a lake, tell me something you feel against your feet	seaweed
when wading in a lake, tell me something you feel against your feet	shells
what's a job out of work actors do?	wait tables
what's a job out of work actors do?	clean
what's a job out of work actors do?	security
what's a job out of work actors do?	commercials
what's a job out of work actors do?	valet parking
what's a job out of work actors do?	model
what's a job out of work actors do?	singing telegram
what everyday activity burns the most calories	walking/ running
what everyday activity burns the most calories	cleaning
what everyday activity burns the most calories	intercourse
what everyday activity burns the most calories	laughing
what would santa hate to forget on christmas eve?	presents
what would santa hate to forget on christmas eve?	reindeer
what would santa hate to forget on christmas eve?	sleigh
what would santa hate to forget on christmas eve?	list
what do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark	paper
what do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark	fold page
what do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark	pen
what do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark	card
what do people use to keep their place in a book if they dont have a bookmark	napkin
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	5th
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	1st
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	6th
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	4th
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	7th
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	2nd
what grade were you in school when you developed your first crush	3rd
what might you see on the side of the road	roadkill
what might you see on the side of the road	garbage
what might you see on the side of the road	hitchhiker
what might you see on the side of the road	trees
what might you see on the side of the road	sign
what might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	crash it
what might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	drink
what might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	bad grades
what might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	speed
what might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	stay out late
what might a teenager do that causes their parents to forbid them from using the family car?	get a ticket
what kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions?	job
what kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions?	money
what kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions?	weight
what kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions?	how many kids
what kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions?	marital status
what kinds of things might people lie about at their high school reunions?	grades
which food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date?	corn
which food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date?	spinach
which food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date?	popcorn
which food that gets stuck in you teeth should be avoided on a date?	steak
where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink.	bar
where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink.	home
where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink.	holiday party
where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink.	wedding
where were you the last time you had a bit too much to drink.	college
where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss.	under desk/table
where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss.	bathroom
where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss.	closet/supply room
where in your office would make a good place to hide from your boss.	kitchen/staff lounge
which sports are more popular in america than in other countries?	football
which sports are more popular in america than in other countries?	baseball
which sports are more popular in america than in other countries?	basketball
which sports are more popular in america than in other countries?	hockey
which sports are more popular in america than in other countries?	golf
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	price
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	pool
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	location
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	star rating
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	includes breakfast
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	clean
what do you find out about a hotel ahead of time when deciding whether to stay there	vacancy
what do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words	hum
what do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words	mumble
what do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words	pretend to know
what do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words	whistle
what do you do when you want to sing along with a song but dont know the words	lip sync
which talk show host would you like to have interview you?	oprah winfrey
which talk show host would you like to have interview you?	david letterman
which talk show host would you like to have interview you?	barbara walters
which talk show host would you like to have interview you?	jay leno
which talk show host would you like to have interview you?	jerry springer
which talk show host would you like to have interview you?	ellen
which type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win?	lawyer
which type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win?	boxer
which type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win?	politician
which type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win?	police
which type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win?	therapist
which type of professional would you least like to get into an argument with, because you'd never win?	judge
what might you do for a gift if you're short on cash?	homemade gift
what might you do for a gift if you're short on cash?	give a card
what might you do for a gift if you're short on cash?	charge it
what might you do for a gift if you're short on cash?	re gift
what would you be surprised to hear that a married couple does separately	sleep
what would you be surprised to hear that a married couple does separately	vacation
what would you be surprised to hear that a married couple does separately	eat meals
what is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays?	raise/bonus
what is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays?	days off
what is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays?	holiday food
what is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays?	gift card
what is the best gift for your boss to give you around the holidays?	jewelry
what christmas "gift" can you give someone, without going shopping?	money
what christmas "gift" can you give someone, without going shopping?	love
what christmas "gift" can you give someone, without going shopping?	baked goods
what christmas "gift" can you give someone, without going shopping?	card
what christmas "gift" can you give someone, without going shopping?	gift card
what christmas "gift" can you give someone, without going shopping?	hugs/kiss
which activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing?	eating
which activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing?	showing affection
which activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing?	picking nose
which activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing?	wearing swimsuit
which activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing?	drinking
which activity would a celeb least like to be photographed doing?	sleeping
what is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date?	get flowers
what is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date?	make reservations
what is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date?	buy gift
what is the most important thing to do when planning a valentine's day date?	choose the place
where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed?	store
where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed?	restaurant
where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed?	park
where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed?	hotel
where might a pet lover think their dog should be allowed?	work
what do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld	mouse ears
what do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld	t shirt
what do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld	keychain
what do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld	stuffed animal/ doll
what do people bring back as a souvenir from disneyworld	autograph
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	mall/ dept store
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	grocery store
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	bank
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	mechanic
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	restaurant
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	movie theatre
where were you the last time you felt youd been ripped off	gas station
which former president would look funny wearing a dress	george w bush
which former president would look funny wearing a dress	william clinton
which former president would look funny wearing a dress	abe lincoln
which former president would look funny wearing a dress	richard nixon
which former president would look funny wearing a dress	george washington
which former president would look funny wearing a dress	ronald reagan
whats the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday	kitchen
whats the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday	tree
whats the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday	wrapping paper
whats the messiest thing to clean up after the christmas holiday	decorations
what signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to?	tattoos
what signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to?	motorcycle
what signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to?	rebelious outfit
what signs of being a "bad boy" might a woman be attracted to?	criminal record
where do you like to go barefoot?	beach
where do you like to go barefoot?	park
where do you like to go barefoot?	shower
where do you like to go barefoot?	bed
we surveyed 100 women...name something men do to their hair that's a real turn-off.	dye/bleach
we surveyed 100 women...name something men do to their hair that's a real turn-off.	gel products
we surveyed 100 women...name something men do to their hair that's a real turn-off.	"the comb-over"
we surveyed 100 women...name something men do to their hair that's a real turn-off.	cut short/shave
what's the worst apest of flying?	crashing
what's the worst apest of flying?	landing
what's the worst apest of flying?	turbulence
what's the worst apest of flying?	ears plug up
what's the worst apest of flying?	taking off
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	grades
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	riding a bike
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	playing sports
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	won spelling bee
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	learn to read
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	music
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	graduated
what was your proudest achievement when you were a child?	scholarship
when you think of a country western music legend, what singer comes to mind?	johnny cash
when you think of a country western music legend, what singer comes to mind?	garth brooks
when you think of a country western music legend, what singer comes to mind?	kenny rogers
when you think of a country western music legend, what singer comes to mind?	willie nelson
when you think of a country western music legend, what singer comes to mind?	tim mcgraw
when you think of a country western music legend, what singer comes to mind?	reba mcentire
which comedian has made the most money this year?	jerry seinfeld
which comedian has made the most money this year?	drew carey
which comedian has made the most money this year?	chris rock
which comedian has made the most money this year?	adam sandler
which comedian has made the most money this year?	jeff foxworthy
which comedian has made the most money this year?	jay leno
we surveyed 100 women...name something you can do better than your mother could.	cook/bake
we surveyed 100 women...name something you can do better than your mother could.	housework/laundry
we surveyed 100 women...name something you can do better than your mother could.	sew
we surveyed 100 women...name something you can do better than your mother could.	dance
we surveyed 100 men...name a magazine you always enjoy reading.	sports illustr'd
we surveyed 100 men...name a magazine you always enjoy reading.	playboy
we surveyed 100 men...name a magazine you always enjoy reading.	ebony
we surveyed 100 men...name a magazine you always enjoy reading.	time
we surveyed 100 men...name a magazine you always enjoy reading.	jet
what is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at?	caesar's palace
what is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at?	luxor
what is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at?	mgm grand
what is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at?	the mirage
what is your favorite casino in las vegas to lose all your money at?	harrah's
we surveyed 100 married men...what is your wife always after you to learn how to do better?	clean
we surveyed 100 married men...what is your wife always after you to learn how to do better?	cook
we surveyed 100 married men...what is your wife always after you to learn how to do better?	communicate
we surveyed 100 married men...what is your wife always after you to learn how to do better?	home repairs
what is the biggest party city in the usa?	new york
what is the biggest party city in the usa?	new orleans
100 woman surveyed: people promise to marry for better or worse. name something that turned out better than you expected.	love
100 woman surveyed: people promise to marry for better or worse. name something that turned out better than you expected.	children
100 woman surveyed: people promise to marry for better or worse. name something that turned out better than you expected.	companionship
100 woman surveyed: people promise to marry for better or worse. name something that turned out better than you expected.	motherhood
100 woman surveyed: people promise to marry for better or worse. name something that turned out better than you expected.	sharing cooking
100 woman surveyed: people promise to marry for better or worse. name something that turned out better than you expected.	not have to work
we surveyed 100 married women...name a famous store you wish your husband owned.	macy's
we surveyed 100 married women...name a famous store you wish your husband owned.	tiffany & company
we surveyed 100 married women...name a famous store you wish your husband owned.	wal-mart
we surveyed 100 married women...name a famous store you wish your husband owned.	saks 5th avenue
we surveyed 100 married women...name a famous store you wish your husband owned.	starbucks
we surveyed 100 married women...name a famous store you wish your husband owned.	bloomingdale's
when ordering a hamburger, name something you might want extra of...	pickles
when ordering a hamburger, name something you might want extra of...	cheese
when ordering a hamburger, name something you might want extra of...	ketchup
we surveyed 100 men...which magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for?	sports illustr'd
we surveyed 100 men...which magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for?	gq
we surveyed 100 men...which magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for?	people
we surveyed 100 men...which magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for?	time
we surveyed 100 men...which magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for?	playgirl
we surveyed 100 men...which magazine cover would you like to be asked to pose for?	rolling stone
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	i love you
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	you're beautiful
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	here's $ to shop
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	let's go vacation
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	let's go out/eat
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	how was your day?
we surveyed 100 married women...tell me something you'd love your husband to say to you without prompting.	lost lbs./not fat
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	her weight
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	her looks/hair
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	her clothes
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	her age
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	her cooking
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	way raises kids
we surveyed 100 men...name something you've learned the hard way to never criticize a woman about.	her husband
we surveyed 100 men...when it comes to women, name something more important to you than a great bod.	good personality
we surveyed 100 men...when it comes to women, name something more important to you than a great bod.	brains/wisdom
we surveyed 100 men...when it comes to women, name something more important to you than a great bod.	kindness
we surveyed 100 men...when it comes to women, name something more important to you than a great bod.	money
we surveyed 100 men...when it comes to women, name something more important to you than a great bod.	beauty/looks
when women get bored, name something they change.	hairstyle/color
when women get bored, name something they change.	clothes/wardrobe
when women get bored, name something they change.	house/decor
when women get bored, name something they change.	man/boyfriend
when a man starts to go bald, name a place he starts finding his hair.	shower
when a man starts to go bald, name a place he starts finding his hair.	sink
when a man starts to go bald, name a place he starts finding his hair.	comb
when a man starts to go bald, name a place he starts finding his hair.	pillow
when a man starts to go bald, name a place he starts finding his hair.	his ears
when a man starts to go bald, name a place he starts finding his hair.	floor
which u.s. city has the most residents born outside the usa?	new york
which u.s. city has the most residents born outside the usa?	los angeles
which u.s. city has the most residents born outside the usa?	miami
which u.s. city has the most residents born outside the usa?	san diego
which u.s. city has the most residents born outside the usa?	san francisco
which u.s. city has the most residents born outside the usa?	el paso
what do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic?	curse/yell
what do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic?	ignore them
what do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic?	flip off/gesture
what do you do when another driver cuts you off in traffic?	honk horn
what is your favourite part of a wedding?	reception
what is your favourite part of a wedding?	end
what is your favourite part of a wedding?	ceremony
what is your favourite part of a wedding?	kiss
what is your favourite part of a wedding?	bride dress
which american city do you think has the smartest people?	new york
which american city do you think has the smartest people?	los angeles
which american city do you think has the smartest people?	washington, d.c.
which american city do you think has the smartest people?	boston
which american city do you think has the smartest people?	seattle
what do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives?	wedding day
what do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives?	accidents
what do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives?	sept.11
what do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives?	birth of child
what do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives?	first day of new...
what do many people look back on as the most frightening day of their lives?	storm
what toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays?	videogames
what toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays?	rc cars
what toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays?	legos
what toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays?	trains
what toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays?	board games
what toys for kids do adults like to play with during the holidays?	puzzles
we surveyed 100 men...name something that you'd enjoy about being mr. mom.	take care of kids
we surveyed 100 men...name something that you'd enjoy about being mr. mom.	cooking
we surveyed 100 men...name something that you'd enjoy about being mr. mom.	being at home
we surveyed 100 men...name something that you'd enjoy about being mr. mom.	watching tv
we surveyed 100 men...name something that you'd enjoy about being mr. mom.	cleaning/laundry
we all know the grinch stole christmas, name another holiday he might want to steal.	thanksgiving
we all know the grinch stole christmas, name another holiday he might want to steal.	easter
what musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play?	trumpet
what musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play?	flute
what musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play?	tuba
what musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play?	saxophone
what musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play?	trombone
what musical instrument requires a lot of breath to play?	clarinet
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	fireworks
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	flags
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	hotdogs
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	candy
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	ice cream
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	balloons
what might you give a kid on the 4th of july?	hats
what usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house?	roof
what usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house?	everything
what usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house?	kitchen
what usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house?	bathroom
what usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house?	plumbing
what usually needs fixing in a "fixer-upper" house?	floors
what weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing?	tsunami
what weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing?	tornado
what weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing?	hurricane
what weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing?	typhoon
what weather condition might a meteorologist have trouble pronouncing?	precipitation
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	shoes/clothes
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	jewelry/watch
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	house
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	car
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	friendships
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	pet
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	children
we surveyed 100 single women...tell me something you have that has lasted longer than most of your relationships.	job
what do you think your approximate i.q. is?	120
what do you think your approximate i.q. is?	100
what do you think your approximate i.q. is?	150
what do you think your approximate i.q. is?	140
what do you think your approximate i.q. is?	130
what do you think your approximate i.q. is?	110
what would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds?	deal with it
what would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds?	put on a diet
what would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds?	divorce
what would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds?	exercise
what would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds?	talk to
what would you do if your spouse packed on 50 pounds?	go shopping
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	co-worker/boss
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	his friends
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	the children
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	his mother
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	his mistress
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	his sibling
we surveyed 100 married women...besides yourself, name someone who spends a lot of time with your husband.	his dog/pet
what would you trust your husband to fix around the house.	nothing
what would you trust your husband to fix around the house.	plumbing
what would you trust your husband to fix around the house.	anything
what would you trust your husband to fix around the house.	television
what would you trust your husband to fix around the house.	roof
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, name something you are apt to leave behind.	lunch
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, name something you are apt to leave behind.	mobile phone
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, name something you are apt to leave behind.	keys
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, name something you are apt to leave behind.	coffee
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, name something you are apt to leave behind.	brief case
when you rush out the door for work in the morning, name something you are apt to leave behind.	money
what is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy?	bathroom/toilet
what is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy?	atm
what is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy?	vending machine
what is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy?	gas station/pump
what is it that you might see an "out of order" sign on that would make you very unhappy?	telephone
which president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy?	bill clinton
which president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy?	george w. bush
which president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy?	ronald reagan
which president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy?	richard nixon
which president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy?	jimmy carter
which president's daughter do you think appeared nude in playboy?	lyndon b. johnson
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	toilet
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	tv
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	shower
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	bed
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	running water
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	hair dryer
what one convenience do you think you'd miss most on a camping trip?	phone
what is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man.	eyes
what is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man.	smile
what is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man.	face
what is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man.	shoes
what is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man.	body
what is the first thing a lady notices when she meets a man.	hair
which sin do you think people confess most in confession?	adultery/lust
which sin do you think people confess most in confession?	lying
which sin do you think people confess most in confession?	curse/blaspheme
which sin do you think people confess most in confession?	stealing
who is the best known person alive today?	george bush
who is the best known person alive today?	ronald reagan
who is the best known person alive today?	mikhail gorbachev
who is the best known person alive today?	pope john paul ii
who is the best known person alive today?	bob hope
who is the best known person alive today?	donald trump
who is the best known person alive today?	michael jackson
who is the best known person alive today?	elizabeth taylor
who is the best known person alive today?	princess diana
we surveyed 100 women...finish this sentence: a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a...	job
we surveyed 100 women...finish this sentence: a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a...	personality
we surveyed 100 women...finish this sentence: a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a...	good heart/kind
we surveyed 100 women...finish this sentence: a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a...	car
we surveyed 100 women...finish this sentence: a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a...	bank account
we surveyed 100 women...finish this sentence: a man doesn't have a chance with me if he doesn't have a...	brain
what do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday"	house
what do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday"	clothes
what do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday"	jewelry
what do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday"	car
what do many new husbands promise they'll get their wives "someday"	furniture
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	horseshoes
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	cards/board game
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	volleyball
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	charades
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	baseball
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	bingo
what are common games to play at a family reunion?	tag
why do most people never end up in movies?	don't look good
why do most people never end up in movies?	can't act
what's a good gift to take to someone who is staying in the hospital?	flowers
what's a good gift to take to someone who is staying in the hospital?	books/magazines
what's a good gift to take to someone who is staying in the hospital?	food/snacks
what's a good gift to take to someone who is staying in the hospital?	balloons
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	pizza
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	hot dogs
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	pasta/macaroni
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	mcdon./hamburger
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	tv dinner
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	soup
when mom's away, name something dad serves kids for dinner.	cake
we surveyed 100 married people...what is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse?	snoring
we surveyed 100 married people...what is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse?	moving/hogs bed
we surveyed 100 married people...what is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse?	hogs covers
we surveyed 100 married people...what is the biggest complaint about sleeping with your spouse?	bathroom trips
what should you never forget to take to the beach?	towel
what should you never forget to take to the beach?	sunscreen
what would a college kid do right before his parents come to visit?	clean
what would a college kid do right before his parents come to visit?	homework
what would a college kid do right before his parents come to visit?	shower
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	5
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	6
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	7
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	8
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	10
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	12
at what age do people usually learn to play their first musical instrument	13
at which type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window	place of worship
at which type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window	my house
at which type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window	hospital
at which type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window	dentist's office
at which type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window	library
at which type of place would you be surprised to see a neon sign hanging in the window	school
according to single men: what is the one thing you might want to know when you meet a women, but do not have the nerve to ask?	single
according to single men: what is the one thing you might want to know when you meet a women, but do not have the nerve to ask?	age
according to single men: what is the one thing you might want to know when you meet a women, but do not have the nerve to ask?	kids
at the dinner table, what food do kids most like to play with?	vegetables
at the dinner table, what food do kids most like to play with?	spaghetti
at the dinner table, what food do kids most like to play with?	mashed potatoes
after thanksgiving, name a food you make all of the leftover turkey	turkey sandwich
after thanksgiving, name a food you make all of the leftover turkey	stew
a mugger hopes you have money. name something he hopes you don't have.	gun/weapon
a mugger hopes you have money. name something he hopes you don't have.	mace/pepper spray
a mugger hopes you have money. name something he hopes you don't have.	attitude/guts
a mugger hopes you have money. name something he hopes you don't have.	empty wallet
a mugger hopes you have money. name something he hopes you don't have.	illness
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	swiss cheese
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	parmesan
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	mozzarella
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	havarti
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	gouda
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	cream cheese
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	cheese
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	cottage cheese
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	fish eggs
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	spawn
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	roe
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	caviar
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	fish
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	shrimp
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	pate
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	liver
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	foie gras
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	king crab
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	crab
at a fancy party, name something you would expect to find served on a cracker.	alaskan crab
according to women: name a place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to.	hawaii
according to women: name a place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to.	france
according to women: name a place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to.	tropical island
according to women: name a place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to.	home
according to women: name a place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to.	italy
according to women: name a place you'd want a gorgeous man to whisk you away to.	the caribbean
a song might be a hit. name something else that might be a hit.	movie
a song might be a hit. name something else that might be a hit.	tv show
a song might be a hit. name something else that might be a hit.	broadway play
a song might be a hit. name something else that might be a hit.	dance
a song might be a hit. name something else that might be a hit.	book
a song might be a hit. name something else that might be a hit.	baseball/sport
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	china
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	japan
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	england
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	russia
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	france
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	germany
after the united states, which country has the largest economy in the world?	india
as a man gets older, name a part of his body that seems to get more hair.	ears
as a man gets older, name a part of his body that seems to get more hair.	back
as a man gets older, name a part of his body that seems to get more hair.	chest
as a man gets older, name a part of his body that seems to get more hair.	face
as a man gets older, name a part of his body that seems to get more hair.	nose
as a man gets older, name a part of his body that seems to get more hair.	posterior
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	concert
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	while traveling
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	sleeping
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	babysitting
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	swimming
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	in traffic
besides on the job, name another life situation where you've wished you had earplugs.	arguement
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	pictures
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	dvds
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	bookends
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	trophies
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	music
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	magazines
besides books name something else people might put on a bookshelf	folders
besides andy name a character from the andy griffith show	opie
besides andy name a character from the andy griffith show	barney fife
besides andy name a character from the andy griffith show	aunt bea
besides andy name a character from the andy griffith show	gomer pyle
besides family feud name a tv show with family in its title	family ties
besides family feud name a tv show with family in its title	family matters
besides family feud name a tv show with family in its title	all in the family
besides family feud name a tv show with family in its title	family guy
besides family feud name a tv show with family in its title	addam's family
besides president, name a political office people run for.	governer
besides president, name a political office people run for.	senator
besides president, name a political office people run for.	congress
besides president, name a political office people run for.	mayor
besides president, name a political office people run for.	vice president
besides president, name a political office people run for.	attorney general
besides president, name a political office people run for.	secretary of state
besdies stamps, name something you can buy at a post office.	envelopes
besdies stamps, name something you can buy at a post office.	boxes
besides white christmas, name a song on bing crosby's white christmas album.	jingle bells
besides white christmas, name a song on bing crosby's white christmas album.	silver bells
besides her looks, name something a woman uses to snag a man.	personality
besides her looks, name something a woman uses to snag a man.	cooking
besides her looks, name something a woman uses to snag a man.	intelligent
besides her looks, name something a woman uses to snag a man.	money
besides fish, name something sold at a tropical fish store.	aquarium
besides fish, name something sold at a tropical fish store.	food
besides the us, name a country that produces a lot of movies.	france
besides the us, name a country that produces a lot of movies.	u.k.
besides the us, name a country that produces a lot of movies.	japan
besides the us, name a country that produces a lot of movies.	india
besides the us, name a country that produces a lot of movies.	china
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	parrot
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	eagle
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	crow
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	dodo
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	robin
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	humming bird
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	ostrich
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	blue jay
based on their personality, what kind of bird would you compare your mate to?	hummingbird
besides marriage, name the most important decision a person will make in their life.	children
besides marriage, name the most important decision a person will make in their life.	buying house
besides marriage, name the most important decision a person will make in their life.	house
besides marriage, name the most important decision a person will make in their life.	career
besides marriage, name the most important decision a person will make in their life.	college
besides marriage, name the most important decision a person will make in their life.	choosing church
besides in the bathroom, name a place where people might sing to themselves.	kitchen
besides in the bathroom, name a place where people might sing to themselves.	car
besides in the bathroom, name a place where people might sing to themselves.	bed
besides in the bathroom, name a place where people might sing to themselves.	living room
besides in the bathroom, name a place where people might sing to themselves.	closet
besides in the bathroom, name a place where people might sing to themselves.	rose garden
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	socks
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	laces
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	polish
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	innersoles
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	slippers
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	bag
besides shoes, name something you might buy at a shoe store.	shoe cleaner
besides clothes, name something that has a zipper.	purse
besides clothes, name something that has a zipper.	backpack
besides clothes, name something that has a zipper.	sandwich bags
besides clothes, name something that has a zipper.	pillows
besides clothes, name something that has a zipper.	shoes
besides clothes, name something that has a zipper.	sleeping bag
besides a screwdriver, name the best household tool to have around.	hammer
besides a screwdriver, name the best household tool to have around.	pliers
besides a screwdriver, name the best household tool to have around.	wrench
besides a screwdriver, name the best household tool to have around.	drill
besides a motorcycle, name something every biker dude should have.	helmet
besides a motorcycle, name something every biker dude should have.	jacket
besides michael, give me the first name of one of the jackson family.	janet
besides michael, give me the first name of one of the jackson family.	tito
besides michael, give me the first name of one of the jackson family.	jermaine
besides michael, give me the first name of one of the jackson family.	latoya
besides a tyrannosaurus, name a type of dinosaur kids learn about in school.	brontosaurus
besides a tyrannosaurus, name a type of dinosaur kids learn about in school.	velociraptor
besides a tyrannosaurus, name a type of dinosaur kids learn about in school.	stegosaurus
besides a tyrannosaurus, name a type of dinosaur kids learn about in school.	pterodactyl
besides a tyrannosaurus, name a type of dinosaur kids learn about in school.	triceratops
besides a tyrannosaurus, name a type of dinosaur kids learn about in school.	barney
besides money, what would you like more of?	free time
besides money, what would you like more of?	friends
besides money, what would you like more of?	love
besides money, what would you like more of?	clothes
besides money, what would you like more of?	patience
besides money, what would you like more of?	children
besides drinking it name something people use water for every day.	bathing
besides drinking it name something people use water for every day.	water plants
besides jesus, name a religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car.	moses
besides jesus, name a religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car.	god
besides jesus, name a religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car.	buddha
besides jesus, name a religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car.	mary magdalene
besides jesus, name a religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car.	mother theresa
besides jesus, name a religious figure you would like to ride across the country with in a car.	dalai lama
besides the us, name a country that has a president.	mexico
besides the us, name a country that has a president.	france
besides the us, name a country that has a president.	russia
besides the us, name a country that has a president.	south africa
besides the us, name a country that has a president.	israel
besides the us, name a country that has a president.	iran
during a long distance bus trip, name something you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have	bathroom
during a long distance bus trip, name something you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have	air conditioning
during a long distance bus trip, name something you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have	gas
during a long distance bus trip, name something you'd be disappointed to learn that the bus didn't have	television
even as an adult name something you've asked for your dad's advice on.	marriage/dating
even as an adult name something you've asked for your dad's advice on.	finances
even as an adult name something you've asked for your dad's advice on.	car repair
even as an adult name something you've asked for your dad's advice on.	kids/parenting
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best what?	life
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best what?	school
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best what?	marriage
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best what?	everything
everyone wants the best for their kids; specifically the best what?	health
from what activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from?	work
from what activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from?	go to bar
from what activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from?	golf
from what activity is a man most likely to be late getting home from?	fishing
fill in the blank: city of _____.	angels
fill in the blank: city of _____.	brotherly love
fill in the blank: city of _____.	lights
fill in the blank: city of _____.	new york
fill in the blank: city of _____.	love
fill in the blank: city of _____.	dreams
fact or fiction, name a famous spacecraft.	uss enterprise
fact or fiction, name a famous spacecraft.	apollo spacecraft
fact or fiction, name a famous spacecraft.	challenger
fact or fiction, name a famous spacecraft.	battlestar galactica
give me a phrase that uses the words "out of".	time
give me a phrase that uses the words "out of".	your mind
give me a phrase that uses the words "out of".	sight
give me a phrase that uses the words "out of".	gas
give me a phrase that uses the words "out of".	money
give me a phrase that uses the words "out of".	control
give me the name of a country that has exactly four letters.	iraq
give me the name of a country that has exactly four letters.	iran
give me the name of a country that has exactly four letters.	peru
give me the name of a country that has exactly four letters.	cuba
give me a sure cure for a hangover.	"hair of the dog"
give me a sure cure for a hangover.	drink water
give me a sure cure for a hangover.	take aspirin
give me a sure cure for a hangover.	sleep
give me a sure cure for a hangover.	tomato juice
give me a sure cure for a hangover.	drink coffee
give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	turns her head
give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	pretends sickness
give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	moves away
give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	onions/bad breath
give me something a woman does to prevent her date from kissing her.	offers her hand
give me a reason you might be late for work.	overslept
give me a reason you might be late for work.	traffic
give me a reason you might be late for work.	car problems
give me a reason you might be late for work.	illness
give me a word for a part of the day.	morning
give me a word for a part of the day.	midday
give me a word for a part of the day.	afternoon
give me a word for a part of the day.	evening
give me a word for a part of the day.	lunchtime
give me a word for a part of the day.	night
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	john
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	paul
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	mike
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	fred
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	mark
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	bill
give me a man's name that is 4 letters long.	dave
how can you tell that a dog is still a puppy?	small
how can you tell that a dog is still a puppy?	energetic
how can you tell that a dog is still a puppy?	chews
how can you tell that a dog is still a puppy?	big paws
how can you tell that a dog is still a puppy?	puppy's bark
how can you tell that a dog is still a puppy?	not house trained
how can you tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening	not looking at you
how can you tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening	yawning
how can you tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening	fall asleep
how can you tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening	rolling eyes
how can you tell the person youre talking to is not interested in listening	talking to someone else
how can you tell that two people are on a first date.	seem nervous
how can you tell that two people are on a first date.	hold hands
if you were going to fill in for james bond, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	drive fast
if you were going to fill in for james bond, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	shoot a gun
if you were going to fill in for james bond, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	fight
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me what part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster.	shopping
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me what part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster.	work
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me what part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster.	driving
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me what part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster.	cleaning
if you were the incredible hulk, tell me what part of your day would most likely turn you into a monster.	paying bills
if a person is raised on a farm name something you expect them to be better at	milking cows
if a person is raised on a farm name something you expect them to be better at	riding horses
if a person is raised on a farm name something you expect them to be better at	gardening
if a person is raised on a farm name something you expect them to be better at	cooking
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, name something specific you might refuse to do.	wake up early
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, name something specific you might refuse to do.	do exercises
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, name something specific you might refuse to do.	follow orders
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, name something specific you might refuse to do.	make bed
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, name something specific you might refuse to do.	march
if you were looking to get thrown out of army boot camp, name something specific you might refuse to do.	salute
instead of money what might santa give his reindeer as pay	carrots
instead of money what might santa give his reindeer as pay	presents
instead of money what might santa give his reindeer as pay	deer feed
instead of money what might santa give his reindeer as pay	cookies
if stuck with no diapers, what might a desperate parent use instead?	towel
if stuck with no diapers, what might a desperate parent use instead?	shirt
if stuck with no diapers, what might a desperate parent use instead?	napkins
if stuck with no diapers, what might a desperate parent use instead?	rag
if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water.	bread
if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water.	spicy food
if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water.	crackers
if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water.	peanut butter
if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water.	cake/pie
if you were in an eating contest, tell me the food that would be hardest to eat without breaks for water.	pretzels
if a person doesnt cook well which thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake	turkey
if a person doesnt cook well which thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake	pumpkin pie
if a person doesnt cook well which thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake	cake
if a person doesnt cook well which thanksgiving food might they buy instead of bake	stuffing
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, what classes would you take instead of pilates?	tag
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, what classes would you take instead of pilates?	dodge ball
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, what classes would you take instead of pilates?	jump rope
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, what classes would you take instead of pilates?	kickball
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, what classes would you take instead of pilates?	trampoline use
if your local gym was run by 5-year-olds, what classes would you take instead of pilates?	hopscotch
if you got a new puppy name something youd teach it	sit
if you got a new puppy name something youd teach it	house training
if you got a new puppy name something youd teach it	fetch
if you got a new puppy name something youd teach it	roll over
if you got a new puppy name something youd teach it	don't bite/chew
if you got a new puppy name something youd teach it	stay
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more what should they bring in	free food
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more what should they bring in	a tv set
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more what should they bring in	alcohol
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more what should they bring in	music
if your work wanted people to stick around the office more what should they bring in	childcare
if you were turned into a dolphin, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	swim
if you were turned into a dolphin, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	breathe/blow hole
if you were turned into a dolphin, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	jump high
if you were turned into a dolphin, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	catch fish
if you were turned into a dolphin, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	balance ball on nose
if you were turned into a dolphin, name something you'd have to learn how to do.	speak dolphin
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, name something they might stop giving away free.	water
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, name something they might stop giving away free.	soda/coffee refills
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, name something they might stop giving away free.	bread
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, name something they might stop giving away free.	napkins
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, name something they might stop giving away free.	mints
if a restaurant was going bankrupt, name something they might stop giving away free.	meals/samples
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	pizza
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	candy
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	hot dogs
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	ice cream
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	hamburger
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	peanut butter & jelly
if a yearold ran his own restaurant name something you might see on the menu	french fries
instead of get a job, name something a person might do after college.	travel
instead of get a job, name something a person might do after college.	get married
instead of get a job, name something a person might do after college.	go back to school
instead of get a job, name something a person might do after college.	move back home
instead of get a job, name something a person might do after college.	party
instead of get a job, name something a person might do after college.	join the military
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, what specific essentials would be in it?	toothbrush/paste
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, what specific essentials would be in it?	underwear
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, what specific essentials would be in it?	make up
if you could only pack a small overnight bag, what specific essentials would be in it?	deoderant
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs which coffee flavors would likely be on the menu	beef
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs which coffee flavors would likely be on the menu	milkbone
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs which coffee flavors would likely be on the menu	bacon
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs which coffee flavors would likely be on the menu	chicken
if there was a gourmet cafe for dogs which coffee flavors would likely be on the menu	cat
if there was an airline called no frills air, name something they might not offer passengers.	meals
if there was an airline called no frills air, name something they might not offer passengers.	snacks
if there was an airline called no frills air, name something they might not offer passengers.	movies
if there was an airline called no frills air, name something they might not offer passengers.	drinks
if there was an airline called no frills air, name something they might not offer passengers.	pillows
if there was an airline called no frills air, name something they might not offer passengers.	phones
in a new house, what are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away?	coffeepot/dishes
in a new house, what are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away?	clothes/pajamas
in a new house, what are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away?	food
in a new house, what are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away?	toilet paper
in a new house, what are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away?	toothbrush/soap
in a new house, what are the first things you unpack because you're sure to need them right away?	bedding
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	fishing
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	sleeping
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	reading
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	hiking
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	relaxing
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	hunting
if you went on a camping trip by yourself what might you spend the week doing	eating
if you moved to england name something that would take some getting used to	british accent
if you moved to england name something that would take some getting used to	weather
if you moved to england name something that would take some getting used to	driving on other side
if you moved to england name something that would take some getting used to	culture
if you moved to england name something that would take some getting used to	time difference
if you're a parent, name something you take into account when moving	schools
if you're a parent, name something you take into account when moving	yard
if you're a parent, name something you take into account when moving	bedrooms/bathrooms
if you're a parent, name something you take into account when moving	neighborhood/kids
if you're a parent, name something you take into account when moving	near playground
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman what might he do in order to woo her	send flowers
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman what might he do in order to woo her	buy her a drink
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman what might he do in order to woo her	compliment her
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman what might he do in order to woo her	flirt
if a man is trying to get a date with a woman what might he do in order to woo her	pickup line
if you could choose your neighbors which traits would you look for	quiet
if you could choose your neighbors which traits would you look for	friendly
if you could choose your neighbors which traits would you look for	trustworthy
if you could choose your neighbors which traits would you look for	clean
if you could choose your neighbors which traits would you look for	attractive
if someone hates to cook,name a dinner that they probably eat often.	pizza
if someone hates to cook,name a dinner that they probably eat often.	noodles
if someone hates to cook,name a dinner that they probably eat often.	tv dinner
if someone hates to cook,name a dinner that they probably eat often.	fast food
if someone hates to cook,name a dinner that they probably eat often.	soup
if someone hates to cook,name a dinner that they probably eat often.	sandwich
if you lived with a bodybuilder name a word youd often hear around the house	diet
if you lived with a bodybuilder name a word youd often hear around the house	muscle
if you lived with a bodybuilder name a word youd often hear around the house	protein
if you lived with a bodybuilder name a word youd often hear around the house	weights
if you lived with a bodybuilder name a word youd often hear around the house	gym
if you played superman in a movie, name something specific you'd have to wear.	cape
if you played superman in a movie, name something specific you'd have to wear.	tights
if you played superman in a movie, name something specific you'd have to wear.	make up
if you played superman in a movie, name something specific you'd have to wear.	speedo
if you played superman in a movie, name something specific you'd have to wear.	fake muscles
if you played superman in a movie, name something specific you'd have to wear.	glasses
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	pointy bra
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	top hat
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	jewelry
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	a cross
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	dress
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	a wig
if madonna were to make a snowman name something she might put on it	makeup
if you could be a rockstar for one night, what's the first thing you'd want to do?	perform at concert
if you could be a rockstar for one night, what's the first thing you'd want to do?	throw a party
if you could be a rockstar for one night, what's the first thing you'd want to do?	spend money
if you could be a rockstar for one night, what's the first thing you'd want to do?	travel
if you could be a rockstar for one night, what's the first thing you'd want to do?	get dates
if you could be a rockstar for one night, what's the first thing you'd want to do?	get a paycheck
in a scary movie, name something specific that causes a character to scream	monster
in a scary movie, name something specific that causes a character to scream	weapon
in a scary movie, name something specific that causes a character to scream	ghost
in a scary movie, name something specific that causes a character to scream	bad guy
if an alien gave you a guided tour of outer space what would be mustsee stops	other planets
if an alien gave you a guided tour of outer space what would be mustsee stops	moon
if an alien gave you a guided tour of outer space what would be mustsee stops	sun
in the bible, name a creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark.	elephant
in the bible, name a creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark.	lion/big cats
in the bible, name a creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark.	snake
in the bible, name a creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark.	birds
in the bible, name a creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark.	shark
in the bible, name a creature noah would have had the hardest time capturing two of for his ark.	whales
instead of courage or a brain what quality would you ask the wizard of oz for	love
instead of courage or a brain what quality would you ask the wizard of oz for	strength
instead of courage or a brain what quality would you ask the wizard of oz for	beauty
instead of courage or a brain what quality would you ask the wizard of oz for	wisdom
instead of courage or a brain what quality would you ask the wizard of oz for	kindness
if you went back in time 10,000 years, name a luxury item you'd probably miss.	car
if you went back in time 10,000 years, name a luxury item you'd probably miss.	tv
if you went back in time 10,000 years, name a luxury item you'd probably miss.	air conditioning
if you went back in time 10,000 years, name a luxury item you'd probably miss.	telephone
if you went back in time 10,000 years, name a luxury item you'd probably miss.	toilet paper
if you went back in time 10,000 years, name a luxury item you'd probably miss.	computer
if you put food outside for a stray cat, name another animal that might eat it.	raccoon
if you put food outside for a stray cat, name another animal that might eat it.	dog
if christmas were in july, name a holiday symbol that wouldn't exist.	snowman
if christmas were in july, name a holiday symbol that wouldn't exist.	pine tree
if people could have a spare body part, name something you wouldn't mind having an extra one of.	hand
if people could have a spare body part, name something you wouldn't mind having an extra one of.	arm
if people could have a spare body part, name something you wouldn't mind having an extra one of.	brain
if people could have a spare body part, name something you wouldn't mind having an extra one of.	heart
if people could have a spare body part, name something you wouldn't mind having an extra one of.	eye
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	construction
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	farmer
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	teacher
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	miner
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	nurse
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	firefighter
in what occupation do you find the hardest working people?	sales
if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team?	barbara bush
if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team?	laura bush
if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team?	george bush, sr.
if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team?	george w. bush
if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team?	jeb bush
if the bush family was on "family feud," who would be the best player on the team?	jenna bush
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, what would be the best thing to do?	drop and roll
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, what would be the best thing to do?	rip it off
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, what would be the best thing to do?	splash water
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, what would be the best thing to do?	jump in pool
if your shirt accidentally caught on fire, what would be the best thing to do?	jump in shower
if a man got dressed in the dark, name something of his wife's he might put on by mistake.	underwear
if a man got dressed in the dark, name something of his wife's he might put on by mistake.	socks
if a man got dressed in the dark, name something of his wife's he might put on by mistake.	shirt
if a man got dressed in the dark, name something of his wife's he might put on by mistake.	pants
if a man got dressed in the dark, name something of his wife's he might put on by mistake.	pantyhose
if you could speak any foreign language, which one would you choose?	spanish
if you could speak any foreign language, which one would you choose?	french
if you could speak any foreign language, which one would you choose?	italian
if you could speak any foreign language, which one would you choose?	japanese
if you spent a summer in asia, name a country you would visit.	china
if you spent a summer in asia, name a country you would visit.	japan
if you spent a summer in asia, name a country you would visit.	thailand
if you spent a summer in asia, name a country you would visit.	south korea
if you spent a summer in asia, name a country you would visit.	philippines
in what profession might someone have their legs insured.	athlete
in what profession might someone have their legs insured.	modeling
if you saw a group of people moving in synch, what might they be doing.	dancing
if you saw a group of people moving in synch, what might they be doing.	swimming
if you saw a group of people moving in synch, what might they be doing.	marching
if a 10-year-old became president, name the first thing he would outlaw.	school
if a 10-year-old became president, name the first thing he would outlaw.	bedtime
if a 10-year-old became president, name the first thing he would outlaw.	punishment
if a 10-year-old became president, name the first thing he would outlaw.	parents
if a 10-year-old became president, name the first thing he would outlaw.	vegetables
if your socks could talk, what would they say to you.	stinky feet
if your socks could talk, what would they say to you.	too hot
if your socks could talk, what would they say to you.	pedicure
if your socks could talk, what would they say to you.	lose weight
if you had a keen sense of smell, name a job you would not have.	garbage collector
if you had a keen sense of smell, name a job you would not have.	perfumer
if you had a keen sense of smell, name a job you would not have.	chef
if you had a keen sense of smell, name a job you would not have.	custodian
if you had a keen sense of smell, name a job you would not have.	zoo keeper
if you had a keen sense of smell, name a job you would not have.	farmer
if you could miraculously become boss at work, what's the first thing you'd do?	give raises
if you could miraculously become boss at work, what's the first thing you'd do?	fire people/boss
if you could miraculously become boss at work, what's the first thing you'd do?	take a vacation
if you could miraculously become boss at work, what's the first thing you'd do?	give days off
if you could miraculously become boss at work, what's the first thing you'd do?	change hours
if you didn't have neighbors, name something you might do outside in the nude.	sunbathe
if you didn't have neighbors, name something you might do outside in the nude.	swim/jacuzzi
if you didn't have neighbors, name something you might do outside in the nude.	make love
if you didn't have neighbors, name something you might do outside in the nude.	run/exercise
if you didn't have neighbors, name something you might do outside in the nude.	mow the lawn
if martians landed on earth, which animal might they think runs this planet?	dogs
if martians landed on earth, which animal might they think runs this planet?	cats
if martians landed on earth, which animal might they think runs this planet?	human
if martians landed on earth, which animal might they think runs this planet?	cows
if martians landed on earth, which animal might they think runs this planet?	horse
if martians landed on earth, which animal might they think runs this planet?	apes
in the old days, name something a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first.	teeth
in the old days, name something a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first.	bullet/injury
in the old days, name something a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first.	tonsils
in the old days, name something a doctor probably removed without putting you to sleep first.	kidney
if a dog could talk, name something it might ask for.	food
if a dog could talk, name something it might ask for.	bone
if a dog could talk, name something it might ask for.	walk
if a dog could talk, name something it might ask for.	water
if a millionaire loses his money, name something else he might lose.	mate/family
if a millionaire loses his money, name something else he might lose.	mind/sanity
if a millionaire loses his money, name something else he might lose.	house
if a millionaire loses his money, name something else he might lose.	dignity/respect
if a millionaire loses his money, name something else he might lose.	friends
if a millionaire loses his money, name something else he might lose.	the limo
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	a. schwarzenegger
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	will smith
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	tom cruise
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	sly stallone
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	harrison ford
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	mel gibson
if the united states is ever really invaded by aliens, which movie star is best-equipped to protect us?	vin diesel
if someone says that you've "married well" what do they mean about your spouse?	they're rich
if someone says that you've "married well" what do they mean about your spouse?	they're attractive
if someone says that you've "married well" what do they mean about your spouse?	true love
if you couldn't be smart, what would you prefer to be?	beautiful
if you couldn't be smart, what would you prefer to be?	rich
if you couldn't be smart, what would you prefer to be?	athletic
if you couldn't be smart, what would you prefer to be?	strong
if you couldn't be smart, what would you prefer to be?	wise
if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming?	at a bar
if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming?	at the store
if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming?	at work
if fairy tales were written in modern times where might a princess meet her prince charming?	online dating site
name an animal a lion likes to eat	deer
name an animal a lion likes to eat	zebra
name an animal a lion likes to eat	rabbit
name an animal a lion likes to eat	antelope
name an animal a lion likes to eat	gazelle
name an animal a lion likes to eat	mice
name an animal a lion likes to eat	sheep
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	money
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	watch
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	wallet/purse
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	handkerchief
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	necklace
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	ring
name something a magician might remove from audience members without them ever knowing it was gone	earrings
name something you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii	palm trees
name something you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii	beach
name something you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii	water
name something you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii	hawaiian woman
name something you might see a picture of on a postcard from hawaii	volcano
name something you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro	military uniform
name something you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro	beard
name something you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro	cigar
name something you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro	hat
name something you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro	bandana
name something you'd buy if you wanted to dress up like fidel castro	gun
name something you tell someone is going to hurt you more than them.	spanking
name something you tell someone is going to hurt you more than them.	breaking up
name something you tell someone is going to hurt you more than them.	shot
name something you tell someone is going to hurt you more than them.	loss of privileges
name a sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with.	sumo wrestling
name a sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with.	football
name a sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with.	wwf wrestling
name a sport or athletic league whose large athletes you'd hate to ride a see-saw with.	weight lifting
name a food new york is famous for.	hot dogs
name a food new york is famous for.	pizza
name a food new york is famous for.	cheesecake
name a food new york is famous for.	bagels
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	food
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	family
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	dating/ marriage
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	movies
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	animals
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	sports
name a subject that often comes up in family feud question	work
name something teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life.	drink/smoke
name something teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life.	bad grades
name something teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life.	put off college
name something teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life.	drop out
name something teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life.	date too soon
name something teenagers do that they'll kick themselves for later in life.	get a tattoo
name a reason you would not want to take up fishing.	touch worms
name a reason you would not want to take up fishing.	smell like fish
name a reason you would not want to take up fishing.	can't swim
name a reason you would not want to take up fishing.	boring
name a reason you would not want to take up fishing.	cold
name a reason you would not want to take up fishing.	wake up early
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	turkey
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	cornucopia
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	pilgrem hat
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	card
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	indian headress
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	pumpkin
name a thanksgiving item children make at school.	drawing of pilgrims
name an excuse people give for not eating healthy	no time
name an excuse people give for not eating healthy	lazy
name an excuse people give for not eating healthy	too expensive
name an excuse people give for not eating healthy	taste
name an excuse people give for not eating healthy	only live once
name something kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off	paint
name something kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off	marker
name something kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off	makeup
name something kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off	glue
name something kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off	candy
name something kids might put on their face that is hard to wash off	dirt
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	coffee beans
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	coffee maker
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	water
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	sugar
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	mugs
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	creamer/milk
name something specific you need if you want to make coffee for your guests.	filter
name something you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper.	black hood & cape
name something you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper.	sickle
name something you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper.	skeleton
name something you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper.	mask
name something you'd need if you wanted to look like the grim reaper.	makeup
name something a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born.	buy a crib
name something a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born.	buy clothes
name something a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born.	buy diapers
name something a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born.	baby shower
name something a first-time parent would need to do before the baby was born.	parenting classes
name something you often feel sleepy while doing	reading
name something you often feel sleepy while doing	driving
name something you often feel sleepy while doing	watching tv
name something you often feel sleepy while doing	working
name something you often feel sleepy while doing	homework
name something you often feel sleepy while doing	eating
name someone specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date.	best friend
name someone specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date.	sister
name someone specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date.	mother
name someone specific in your life who has tried to set you up on a blind date.	brother
name something a kid picks up from school.	illness
name something a kid picks up from school.	profane language
name something a kid picks up from school.	homework
name something a kid picks up from school.	books
name something a kid picks up from school.	head lice
name a good place to spend the day when it's raining outside.	home
name a good place to spend the day when it's raining outside.	movie theatre
name a good place to spend the day when it's raining outside.	mall
name a good place to spend the day when it's raining outside.	library
name a good place to spend the day when it's raining outside.	museum
name a good place to spend the day when it's raining outside.	gym
name something that might be described as "strong."	muscle man
name something that might be described as "strong."	coffee
name something that might be described as "strong."	metal/steel
name something that might be described as "strong."	odor
name something that might be described as "strong."	cocktail
name something that might be described as "strong."	will/heart
name something a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt	id
name something a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt	hair
name something a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt	name
name something a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt	facial hair
name something a girl in a pageant would know how to do but most little girls wouldnt	glasses
name something specific a waiter would do to get good tips	smile
name something specific a waiter would do to get good tips	be friendly
name something specific a waiter would do to get good tips	return often
name something specific a waiter would do to get good tips	flirt
name something specific a waiter would do to get good tips	fast service
name something that might happen if you eat while driving.	crash
name something that might happen if you eat while driving.	spill
name something that might happen if you eat while driving.	choke
name something tha can be pumped	gas
name something tha can be pumped	tire
name something tha can be pumped	iron
name something you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom	pee on the floor
name something you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom	pee on the toilet
name something you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom	put paper on seat
name something you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom	write on wall
name something you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom	leave it messy
name something you would do in a public restroom that you would never do in your own bathroom	don't flush toilet
name a sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear	football
name a sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear	hockey
name a sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear	baseball
name a sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear	swimming
name a sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear	wrestling
name a sport in which participants use a specific kind of headwear	boxing
name the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't.	news
name the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't.	email/spam
name the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't.	gossip
name the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't.	bills/accounts
name the last thing you read on the internet that you wish you hadn't.	blog/comments
name something a little girl needs to look like a princess.	tiara
name something a little girl needs to look like a princess.	dress
name something a little girl needs to look like a princess.	magic wand
name something a little girl needs to look like a princess.	makeup
name something a little girl needs to look like a princess.	jewelry
name something a little girl needs to look like a princess.	charm
name a foreign language that is not usually offered in high school	japanese
name a foreign language that is not usually offered in high school	chinese
name a foreign language that is not usually offered in high school	latin
name a foreign language that is not usually offered in high school	russian
name a foreign language that is not usually offered in high school	german
name a reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice.	at work/school
name a reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice.	no ac
name a reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice.	sick
name a reason why a person might be annoyed that the weather is nice.	drought
name something kids look forward to the most in the winter	playing in the snow
name something kids look forward to the most in the winter	christmas
name something kids look forward to the most in the winter	sled/ ski
name something kids look forward to the most in the winter	vacation
name something that has the word pop in it	popcorn
name something that has the word pop in it	soda pop
name something that has the word pop in it	pop tart
name something that has the word pop in it	popsicle
name something that has the word pop in it	popular
name something that has the word pop in it	pop goes the weasel
name a piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date.	address/location
name a piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date.	dates name
name a piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date.	phone number
name a piece of information that you write down when you're on your way to meet your blind date.	description of date
name something that can make an ordinary dinner romantic.	candles/lighting
name something that can make an ordinary dinner romantic.	wine
name something that can make an ordinary dinner romantic.	flowers
name something that can make an ordinary dinner romantic.	music
name something that can make an ordinary dinner romantic.	chocolates
name something from home you miss while staying in a hotel	bed
name something from home you miss while staying in a hotel	homemade meal
name something from home you miss while staying in a hotel	family
name something from home you miss while staying in a hotel	pet
name a door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally	front door
name a door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally	car door
name a door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally	bathroom door
name a door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally	safe
name a door that you'd hate to leave unlocked accidentally	pet
name something men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont	dragon
name something men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont	ogre
name something men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont	witch
name something men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont	monster
name something men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont	beast
name something men in fairy tales fight against that real men dont	troll
name a job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car."	car sales
name a job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car."	limo driver
name a job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car."	police
name a job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car."	delivery person
name a job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car."	taxi
name a job you'd accept just to get access to the "company car."	racecar driver
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	mall
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	amusement park
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	park
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	fair
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	parking garage
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	airport
name a public place where even an adult can get lost easily	zoo
name something you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one	ghost
name something you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one	monster
name something you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one	witch
name something you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one	vampire
name something you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one	spider
name something you're hoping is fake at a halloween party because you'd be afraid of a real one	bat
name something that gets thrown.	ball
name something that gets thrown.	frisbee
name something that gets thrown.	game/contest
name something that gets thrown.	darts
name something that gets thrown.	tantrum
name something that gets thrown.	party
name something people wait in line for on hot days	ice cream
name something people wait in line for on hot days	cold drinks
name something people wait in line for on hot days	water park
name a sign youre at a really cheap birthday party	no cake
name a sign youre at a really cheap birthday party	no food
name a sign youre at a really cheap birthday party	no decorations
name a sign youre at a really cheap birthday party	no favors
name a sign youre at a really cheap birthday party	no presents
name a sign youre at a really cheap birthday party	no cards
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	age
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	weight
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	address
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	phone number
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	income
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	drinking habits
name something your child knows about you that you hope shes not telling strangers	sleep naked
name someone who you wish didn't have your address.	ex
name someone who you wish didn't have your address.	bill collector
name someone who you wish didn't have your address.	boss
name someone who you wish didn't have your address.	the police
name someone who you wish didn't have your address.	irs
name someone who you wish didn't have your address.	in laws
name something that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car	chores
name something that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car	drive carefully
name something that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car	fill it up
name something that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car	make curfew
name something that kids promise their parents theyll do if theyre allowed to borrow the family car	wash it
name something that goes well with pizza.	beer
name something that goes well with pizza.	soda
name something that goes well with pizza.	wings
name something you might see in someone's backyard that would tell you they had kids.	swing set
name something you might see in someone's backyard that would tell you they had kids.	bicycle
name something you might see in someone's backyard that would tell you they had kids.	swimming pool
name something you might see in someone's backyard that would tell you they had kids.	toys
name something you might see in someone's backyard that would tell you they had kids.	sand box
name something you might see in someone's backyard that would tell you they had kids.	basketball hoop
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	rims/wheels
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	shine
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	paint job
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	bumper sticker
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	spoiler
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	seat covers
name something on a car that lets you know the owner takes a lot of pride in their ride	vanity plate
name an instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play.	piano
name an instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play.	drums
name an instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play.	guitar
name an instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play.	violin
name an instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play.	flute
name an instrument that you'd need to be really coordinated to play.	saxophone
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	pass gas
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	wet pants
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	snort
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	choke
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	cry
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	nose runs
name something embarrassing that can happen if you laugh too hard	spit
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	bad food
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	lonely
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	no gravity
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	no bathroom
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	no fresh air
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	cramped
name a complaint an astronaut might have about living on the space station	it's cold
name something you might find in the godfather's basement.	bodies
name something you might find in the godfather's basement.	guns
name something you might find in the godfather's basement.	money
name something you might find in the godfather's basement.	wine
name something you might find in the godfather's basement.	horse's head
name something you might find in the godfather's basement.	jimmy hoffa
name a specific type of math class offered in high schools.	algebra
name a specific type of math class offered in high schools.	geometry
name a specific type of math class offered in high schools.	calculus
name a specific type of math class offered in high schools.	trigonometry
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	cake
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	mousse
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	pudding
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	brownies
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	ice cream
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	candy
name a dessert thats made with chocolate	donuts
name someone whos known for inventing something	albert einstein
name someone whos known for inventing something	thomas edison
name someone whos known for inventing something	ben franklin
name someone whos known for inventing something	alexander graham bell
name someone whos known for inventing something	eli whitney
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	people
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	bartender
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	lights
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	drinks
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	dj
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	band
name something or someone youd see at a nightclub	dancers
name something that spies in movies always carry	weapon
name something that spies in movies always carry	binoculars
name something that spies in movies always carry	camera
name something that spies in movies always carry	phone
name something that spies in movies always carry	magnifying glass
name something that spies in movies always carry	briefcase
name something that spies in movies always carry	flashlight
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	lassie
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	101 dalmations
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	benji
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	dogs go to heaven
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	bolt
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	lady & the tramp
name a movie that a dog would love to watch	shaggy dog
name something that's sold at an airport gift shop	postcards
name something that's sold at an airport gift shop	magazines
name something an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race.	crash
name something an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race.	engine trouble
name something an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race.	runs out of gas
name something an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race.	flat tire
name something an auto racer hopes won't happen to him during a race.	die
name a flavor of pudding	chocolate
name a flavor of pudding	vanilla
name a flavor of pudding	tapioca
name a flavor of pudding	banana
name a flavor of pudding	butterscotch
name a flavor of pudding	lemon
name a flavor of pudding	pistachio
name something that supermodels would rather do without.	food/diet food
name something that supermodels would rather do without.	high heels
name something that supermodels would rather do without.	camaras
name something that supermodels would rather do without.	makeup
name something that supermodels would rather do without.	flaws
name something in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to	bear
name something in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to	snake
name something in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to	porcupine
name something in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to	cactus
name something in nature that you wouldnt want to cuddle up next to	skunk
name something you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything	alcohol
name something you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything	flowers
name something you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything	chips
name something you bring to a party even if the host doesn't ask you to bring anything	yourself
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	locker
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	beach bag
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	purse
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	pocket
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	cars
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	shoes
name a place you may keep your keys while swimming	towel
name someone famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero	dracula
name someone famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero	zorro
name someone famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero	elvis presley
name someone famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero	sherlock holmes
name someone famous who wore a cape but was not a superhero	pope
name something a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't.	lovesickness
name something a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't.	horse
name something a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't.	dog
name something a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't.	cowboys
name something a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't.	truck
name something a country western singer sings about, that a rapper wouldn't.	farm
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	raise voice
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	laugh
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	curse
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	walk away
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	ignore them
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	name calling
name something specific a person might do during an argument that makes their partner really angry	roll eyes
name something people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific	themselves
name something people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific	oceans
name something people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific	tall buildings
name something people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific	landmarks
name something people take lots of photos of during a vacation be specific	trees
name a hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have.	smoking
name a hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have.	camping/campfire
name a hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have.	fireworks
name a hobby that would be ironic for a firefighter to have.	fire eating
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	watermelon
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	potatoes
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	milk
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	turkey
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	pet food
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	water
name the heaviest item you buy at the supermarket.	rice
name something people pose in front of for their christmas photos.	tree
name something people pose in front of for their christmas photos.	fireplace
name something people pose in front of for their christmas photos.	santa claus
name something people pose in front of for their christmas photos.	house
name an occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair.	model
name an occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair.	hair stylist
name an occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair.	actor
name an occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair.	rock star
name an occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair.	food server
name an occupation where you often see people with stiff, hairsprayed hair.	news anchor
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	math
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	english/spelling
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	history
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	science
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	geography
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	physical fitness
name a school subject that people often become bad at in adulthood	foreign language
name a celebrity who could teach a high school dance class.	jennifer lopez
name a celebrity who could teach a high school dance class.	debbie allen
name a celebrity who could teach a high school dance class.	janet jackson
name a celebrity who could teach a high school dance class.	britney spears
name a celebrity who could teach a high school dance class.	john travolta
name a celebrity who could teach a high school dance class.	christina agulera
name something people like to listen to music while doing	cleaning
name something people like to listen to music while doing	execising
name something people like to listen to music while doing	studying
name something people like to listen to music while doing	gardening
name something people like to listen to music while doing	eating
name something people like to listen to music while doing	dancing
name something people like to listen to music while doing	driving
name a piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking.	helmet
name a piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking.	knee pads
name a piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking.	protective cup
name a piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking.	elbow pads
name a piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking.	goggles
name a piece of protective gear that only a real klutz would consider wearing while walking.	gloves
name a type of person that wears a name tag	store clerks
name a type of person that wears a name tag	waitress
name a type of person that wears a name tag	doctor
name a type of person that wears a name tag	police officer
name a type of person that wears a name tag	nurse
name a type of person that wears a name tag	teacher
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	redial
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	speaker phone
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	call waiting
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	caller id
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	speed dial
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	mute
name a function you have on your telephone that your child doesnt have on their tin can phone	voice mail
name something that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home.	candles
name something that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home.	music
name something that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home.	good lighting
name something that's essential to creating a romantic atmosphere at home.	flowers
name a way to get down from a tall building	jump
name a way to get down from a tall building	elevator
name a way to get down from a tall building	ladder
name a way to get down from a tall building	stairs
name a way to get down from a tall building	scale it
name a piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to	helmet
name a piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to	knee pads
name a piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to	gloves
name a piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to	horn
name a piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to	brakes
name a piece of equipment many bikers dont use but ought to	reflective light/tape
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	freeze
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	put your hands up
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	right/remain silent
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	under arrest
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	drop your weapon
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	book em
name something you hear cops say in a police movie	ten four
name something the police might look for when they search a suspects house	drugs
name something the police might look for when they search a suspects house	evidence
name something the police might look for when they search a suspects house	weapon
name something the police might look for when they search a suspects house	suspect
name something most people try at least once in their life.	drinking
name something most people try at least once in their life.	smoking
name something most people try at least once in their life.	sky diving
name something most people try at least once in their life.	sushi
name something most people try at least once in their life.	riding in airplane
name something most people try at least once in their life.	marriage
name one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men	sexy/hot
name one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men	makeup
name one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men	diet
name one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men	fashion
name one word youd see on the cover of a womens magazine but probably not on a magazine for men	love
name something you might pay extra for when you get your car washed.	wax
name something you might pay extra for when you get your car washed.	vacuum
name something you might pay extra for when you get your car washed.	detailing
name something you might pay extra for when you get your car washed.	dry car
name something you might pay extra for when you get your car washed.	polish
name a food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat."	chicken
name a food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat."	salad bar
name a food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat."	shrimp
name a food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat."	crab legs
name a food item a restaurant might offer as "all-you-can-eat."	pasta
name someone dorothy met in the land of oz.	lion
name someone dorothy met in the land of oz.	tin man / scare crow
name someone dorothy met in the land of oz.	wizard
name something everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie.	computers
name something everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie.	people skills
name something everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie.	punctuality
name something everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie.	multitasking
name something everyone says they're good at when at a job interview,even if it's a lie.	organization
name something that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds	shoes
name something that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds	hat
name something that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds	socks
name something that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds	stretch pants
name something that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds	sweats
name something that still fits even if you put on a few extra pounds	underware/bra
name something that comes after it's been raining	rainbow
name something that comes after it's been raining	sun
name something that comes after it's been raining	worms
name something that comes after it's been raining	bugs
name something that people could watch for hours.	tv/movies
name something that people could watch for hours.	pets/animals
name something that people could watch for hours.	sports
name something that people could watch for hours.	kids
name something you're better off spending too much money on than too little.	car
name something you're better off spending too much money on than too little.	house/home repair
name something you're better off spending too much money on than too little.	food
name something you're better off spending too much money on than too little.	gifts
name something you're better off spending too much money on than too little.	insurance
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	top/bottoms
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	jewelry
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	shoes
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	money
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	cell phone
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	keys
name something you wouldnt want to lose on the dance floor	balance
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals	sugar
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals	chocolate
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals	corn syrup
name an unhealthy ingredient you often see in kids cereals	salt
name a time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife	their anniversary
name a time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife	when she's pregnant
name a time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife	on her birthday
name a time when a man might be extra caring toward his wife	when she's sick
name a famous phrase from the wizard of oz?	off to see the wizard
name a famous phrase from the wizard of oz?	no place like home
name a famous phrase from the wizard of oz?	follow yellow brick road
name a famous phrase from the wizard of oz?	i'll get you my pretty
name a famous phrase from the wizard of oz?	lions tigers & bears
name something made with ginger	cookies
name something made with ginger	ginger ale
name something made with ginger	pumpkin pie
name something made with ginger	tea
name something made with ginger	ginger chicken
name something made with ginger	carrot cake
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	privacy
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	prank calls
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	stalker
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	telemarketers
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	ex
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	they're famous
name a reason why someone might not want their phone number listed in the phone book.	bill collectors
name something about the brady bunch that is different from most families.	lot's of kids
name something about the brady bunch that is different from most families.	too happy
name something about the brady bunch that is different from most families.	maid
name something about the brady bunch that is different from most families.	thet sing
name something you hate to find when you open your freezer	no food
name something you hate to find when you open your freezer	spoiled food
name something you hate to find when you open your freezer	frost
name something you hate to find when you open your freezer	empty ice tray
name something you hate to find when you open your freezer	food is thawed
name something you hate to find when you open your freezer	exploded can
name a specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse.	wallet
name a specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse.	keys
name a specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse.	phone
name a specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse.	comb
name a specific item that a man carries around that he might secretly wish he could just put in a purse.	glasses
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	birthday parties
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	sporting events
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	graduations
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	family reunions
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	weddings
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	recitals/plays
name a kind of event a child in a large family might have to go to a lot	church
name a chore people do most often.	wash dishes
name a chore people do most often.	laundry
name a chore people do most often.	vacuum
name a chore people do most often.	cook
name a chore people do most often.	sweep
name a chore people do most often.	clean bathroom
name something you might buy to go with your new pool table	pool cue
name something you might buy to go with your new pool table	balls
name something you might buy to go with your new pool table	cover
name something you might buy to go with your new pool table	chalk
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	fan
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	light
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	mirror
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	star stickers
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	poster
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	cracks
name something you might see on a bedroom ceiling	fly
name something you might know your partner's password for	e mail
name something you might know your partner's password for	computer
name something you might know your partner's password for	bank account
name something you might know your partner's password for	credit card
name something you might know your partner's password for	voice mail
name something parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today	no seatbelt
name something parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today	unsupervised play
name something parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today	no bike helmet
name something parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today	walk to school
name something parents let their kids do in the past, that would make them seem like bad parents today	sit in front seat
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	radio
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	phone
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	dvd player
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	cd player
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	windows
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	air conditioner
name something you have in your house that you also have in your car	doors
name a beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party	egg nog
name a beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party	wine
name a beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party	champagne
name a beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party	beer
name a beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party	soda
name a beverage you might drink at a typical holiday party	juice
name a piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns	curtains
name a piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns	wallpaper
name a piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns	couch
name a piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns	rug
name a piece of home decor that sometimes comes with wild patterns	artwork
name a kids movie that makes adults cry to.	bambi
name a kids movie that makes adults cry to.	old yeller
name a kids movie that makes adults cry to.	lion king
name a kids movie that makes adults cry to.	dumbo
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	cup of sugar
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	lawn mower
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	charcoal
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	milk
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	mayonnaise
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	tool
name something your neighbor might ask to borrow	rake
name a breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog	german shepard
name a breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog	pit bull
name a breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog	doberman pinscher
name a breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog	rottweiler
name a breed of dog that might be used as a guard dog	bulldog
name something that's more important to a teenager than to an adult.	friends/popularity
name something that's more important to a teenager than to an adult.	clothes
name something that's more important to a teenager than to an adult.	talking on phone
name something that's more important to a teenager than to an adult.	car/driving
name something that's more important to a teenager than to an adult.	music
name something that's more important to a teenager than to an adult.	dating
name a game that you see people playing in the park	frisbee
name a game that you see people playing in the park	baseball
name a game that you see people playing in the park	football
name a game that you see people playing in the park	tag
name a game that you see people playing in the park	chess
name a game that you see people playing in the park	basketball
name a game that you see people playing in the park	soccer
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	television
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	lights
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	water
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	stove
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	microwave
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	radio
name something in your home you probably turn on every day.	dishwasher
name a term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling	strike
name a term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling	spare
name a term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling	turkey
name a term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling	gutter ball
name a term that youd look like a fool for not knowing while bowling	pin
name a place where you see a scale	doctor's office
name a place where you see a scale	gym
name a place where you see a scale	a fish
name a place where you see a scale	bathroom
name a place where you see a scale	truck stop
name a place where you see a scale	butcher/deli
name something people don't like to start.	fight
name something people don't like to start.	work
name something you'd find in a hearty stew.	beef/meat
name something you'd find in a hearty stew.	potatoes
name something you'd find in a hearty stew.	carrots
name something you'd find in a hearty stew.	beans
name something you'd find in a hearty stew.	onions
name something you'd find in a hearty stew.	peas
name something a cheerleader has lots of	energy
name something a cheerleader has lots of	pom pom
name something a cheerleader has lots of	spirit
name something a cheerleader has lots of	cheers
name something a cheerleader has lots of	hair
name an animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack someone.	goldfish
name an animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack someone.	kitten
name an animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack someone.	bunny
name an animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack someone.	hamster
name an animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack someone.	turtle
name an animal in a pet store that probably wouldn't attack someone.	gerbil
name an occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job	banker
name an occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job	police officer
name an occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job	lawyer
name an occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job	teacher
name an occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job	religious leader
name an occupation you'd be surprised to find a criminal had as their day job	judge
name a game that would be inappropriate at a company party.	spin the bottle
name a game that would be inappropriate at a company party.	strip poker
name a game that would be inappropriate at a company party.	twister
name a game that would be inappropriate at a company party.	truth or dare
name a game that would be inappropriate at a company party.	beer pong
name something the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime	the loot
name something the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime	id
name something the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime	fingerprints
name something the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime	wallet
name something the world's dumbest bank robber might leave at the scene of the crime	his gun
name something a new mom spends a lot of time doing.	breast feeding
name something a new mom spends a lot of time doing.	changing diapers
name something a new mom spends a lot of time doing.	feeding with a bottle
name something a new mom spends a lot of time doing.	holding the baby
name a food that can be molded into a shape	jello
name a food that can be molded into a shape	dough
name a food that can be molded into a shape	cheese
name a food that can be molded into a shape	meatloaf
name a food that can be molded into a shape	mashed potatoes
name a place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience.	restaurant
name a place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience.	bank
name a place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience.	hair salon
name a place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience.	doctor
name a place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience.	store
name a place of business that you would not return to after only one bad customer service experience.	hotel
name a command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat	sit
name a command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat	stay
name a command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat	roll over
name a command a dog knows but you wouldnt bother giving to your cat	fetch
name a specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake	alarm clock
name a specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake	birds
name a specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake	phone call
name a specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake	kids
name a specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake	dog barking
name a specific sound that has woken you up before you felt ready to be awake	traffic
name something a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast	eating
name something a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast	homework
name something a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast	cleaning/chores
name something a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast	growing up
name something a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast	talking
name something a parent criticizes their child for doing too fast	driving
name something you might see in a bathtub.	water
name something you might see in a bathtub.	soap
name something you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party.	drinks
name something you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party.	food
name something you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party.	decorations
name something you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party.	utensils
name something you would buy a lot of when hosting a new year's party.	noise makers
name something you might find at an oasis.	water
name something you might find at an oasis.	palm trees
name something you might find at an oasis.	camels
name something you might find at an oasis.	sand
name something you might find at an oasis.	flowers
name something you might find at an oasis.	tents
name the important firsts that people record about a baby	word
name the important firsts that people record about a baby	steps
name the important firsts that people record about a baby	tooth
name the important firsts that people record about a baby	smile
name the important firsts that people record about a baby	haircut
name something specific you almost always eat out of a bag	chips
name something specific you almost always eat out of a bag	popcorn
name something specific you almost always eat out of a bag	french fries
name something specific you almost always eat out of a bag	candy
name something specific you almost always eat out of a bag	peanuts
name a prop you would see in an indiana jones movie	rope
name a prop you would see in an indiana jones movie	rock
name a prop you would see in an indiana jones movie	weapon
name a prop you would see in an indiana jones movie	map
name someplace a child goes that might be traumatic the first time	kindergarten
name someplace a child goes that might be traumatic the first time	dentist
name someplace a child goes that might be traumatic the first time	pediatrician
name someplace a child goes that might be traumatic the first time	circus
name someplace a child goes that might be traumatic the first time	to get a hair cut
name someplace a child goes that might be traumatic the first time	daycare
name something that grows on trees, but isn't fruit.	leaves
name something that grows on trees, but isn't fruit.	nuts
name something that grows on trees, but isn't fruit.	flowers
name something that grows on trees, but isn't fruit.	acorn
name something that grows on trees, but isn't fruit.	money
name something that grows on trees, but isn't fruit.	pine cones
name a child star who's still famous today.	drew berrymore
name a child star who's still famous today.	michael jackson
name a child star who's still famous today.	olsen twins
name a child star who's still famous today.	jodie foster
name a child star who's still famous today.	ron howard
name a child star who's still famous today.	brooke shields
name a word or phrase used for cooking on the grill	barbecue
name a word or phrase used for cooking on the grill	grilling
name a word or phrase used for cooking on the grill	cookout
name something a ballet dancer has that most people do not.	tutu
name something a ballet dancer has that most people do not.	ballet shoes
name something a ballet dancer has that most people do not.	balance/poise
name something a ballet dancer has that most people do not.	strong legs
name something a ballet dancer has that most people do not.	talent
name something a ballet dancer has that most people do not.	callused feet
name something a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain.	garden
name something a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain.	pool
name something a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain.	lots of rooms
name something a mansion has that requires hired help to maintain.	tennis courts
name a way you know your teacher is having a bad day	yells a lot
name a way you know your teacher is having a bad day	grumpy
name a way you know your teacher is having a bad day	extra homework
name a way you know your teacher is having a bad day	gives punishments
name a way you know your teacher is having a bad day	facial expression
name a really long movie	titanic
name a really long movie	lord of the rings
name a really long movie	gone with the wind
name a really long movie	harry potter
name a really long movie	king kong
name a really long movie	dances with wolves
name a movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth. be specific!	pop corn
name a movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth. be specific!	milk duds
name a movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth. be specific!	dots
name a movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth. be specific!	gummy bears
name a movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth. be specific!	taffy
name a movie theater food that gets stuck in your teeth. be specific!	peanuts
name something you rent	home
name something you rent	car
name something you rent	movies
name something you rent	tuxedo
name a specific night of the year that you hope to be kissed	new year eve's
name a specific night of the year that you hope to be kissed	valentine's
name a specific night of the year that you hope to be kissed	christmas
name something a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born.	names
name something a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born.	feeding
name something a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born.	labor pain
name something a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born.	potty training
name something a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born.	must have items
name something a mother-to-be might ask her friends' advice on before the baby is born.	sleeping schedule
name something a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert	ice cream
name something a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert	pie
name something a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert	cake
name something a fast food restaurant offers as a dessert	cookies
name something people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit	lights
name something people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit	fake snow
name something people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit	pine/trees
name something people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit	tinsel/garland
name something people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit	wreath/mistletoe
name something people decorate with in winter to get in the holiday spirit	candles
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for being tall.	shaquille o'neil
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for being tall.	paul bunyan
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for being tall.	abe lincoln
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for being tall.	andre the giant
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for being tall.	michael jordan
name someone, real or fictional, who is known for being tall.	goliath
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	police
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	irs
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	telemarketer
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	your ex
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	bill collecter
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	attorney
name someone you don't want to get a phone call from.	principal
name something a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are	dye hair
name something a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are	get a tattoo
name something a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are	get a piercing
name something a teen i more likely to do to their appearance then their parents are	wear make up
name a place where you would find an usher.	place of worship
name a place where you would find an usher.	wedding
name a place where you would find an usher.	movie theatre
name a place where you would find an usher.	funeral
name a place where you would find an usher.	concert
name something you need in order to get a great job	resume
name something you need in order to get a great job	education
name something you need in order to get a great job	experience
name something you need in order to get a great job	good looks
name something you need in order to get a great job	personality
name something you need in order to get a great job	intelligence
name something you need in order to get a great job	connections
name a place an animal might take a bath, but you never would.	lake
name a place an animal might take a bath, but you never would.	mud puddle
name a place an animal might take a bath, but you never would.	dust
name a place an animal might take a bath, but you never would.	birdbath
name a sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter?	ice hockey
name a sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter?	skiing
name a sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter?	ice skating
name a sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter?	snowboarding
name a sport that can only be played outdoors in the winter?	bobsledding
name a diet method that doesn't seem very reliable.	no carb diet
name a diet method that doesn't seem very reliable.	fasting
name a diet method that doesn't seem very reliable.	diet pills
name a diet method that doesn't seem very reliable.	diet shakes
name something you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds.	candy bar
name something you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds.	potato chips
name something you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds.	potatoes
name something you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds.	fast food
name something you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds.	ice cream
name something you'd eat a lot of if you needed to gain a quick 10 pounds.	bread
name something people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter	surf
name something people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter	swim
name something people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter	sun bathe
name something people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter	wear bathing suits
name something people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter	hula dance
name something people do in hawaii that they don't do in alaska in the winter	skinny dip
name a device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes.	brush/comb
name a device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes.	razor
name a device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes.	tweezers
name a device that you keep in your bathroom for grooming purposes.	scissors
name a drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm.	beer
name a drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm.	milk
name a drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm.	soda
name a drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm.	coffee
name a drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm.	milkshake
name a drink that tastes disgusting when it's warm.	juice
name something youd be shocked to see falling from the sky	plane
name something youd be shocked to see falling from the sky	falling star
name something youd be shocked to see falling from the sky	money
name something youd be shocked to see falling from the sky	ufo
name something youd be shocked to see falling from the sky	person
name something in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of	tv
name something in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of	computer
name something in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of	phone
name something in a house that a spoiled kid might have their own of	bathroom
name a reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you	police ahead
name a reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you	driving too slow
name a reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you	lights off/on
name a reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you	brights on
name a reason why another driver may flash their headlights at you	deer/animal in the road
name a place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere	las vegas
name a place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere	cancun
name a place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere	new oleeans
name a place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere	new york
name a place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere	amsterdam
name a place that single people travel to for its party atmosphere	los angeles
name something you can get in extra large	t-shirt
name something you can get in extra large	fries
name something you can get in extra large	pizza
name something you can get in extra large	soda
name something you can get in extra large	eggs
name something twins might always share.	looks
name something twins might always share.	parents
name something twins might always share.	birthday
name something twins might always share.	genes
name something twins might always share.	last name
name a red colored frozen yogurt topping.	strawberry
name a red colored frozen yogurt topping.	cherry
name a red colored frozen yogurt topping.	raspberry
name a red colored frozen yogurt topping.	red sprinkles
name a type of photo that most people don't smile in.	passport
name a type of photo that most people don't smile in.	mug shot
name a type of photo that most people don't smile in.	driver's license
name a type of photo that most people don't smile in.	sports photo
name something that people put behind their ears	pen/pencil
name something that people put behind their ears	hair
name something that people put behind their ears	glasses
name something that people put behind their ears	perfume
name something that people put behind their ears	earrings
name something that people put behind their ears	cigarette
name something that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents.	toaster
name something that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents.	blender
name something that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents.	dishes
name something that couples often get more than one of as wedding presents.	towels
name something of her child's that a mom would save forever.	lock of baby hair
name something of her child's that a mom would save forever.	photos
name something of her child's that a mom would save forever.	baby teeth
name something of her child's that a mom would save forever.	clothes
name something of her child's that a mom would save forever.	blanket
name something of her child's that a mom would save forever.	artwork
name something you lie to your boss about.	sick/absence
name something you lie to your boss about.	lateness
name something you lie to your boss about.	resume/expeirience
name something you lie to your boss about.	can't work overtime
name something you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym	swim
name something you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym	run track
name something you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym	sauna
name something you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym	lift weights
name something you cant do in a home gym thant you can do in a real gym	socialize
name an animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo.	lion
name an animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo.	tiger
name an animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo.	bear
name an animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo.	gorilla
name an animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo.	giraffe
name an animal that you wouldn't want to escape from the zoo.	elephant
name something that could ruin a romantic dinner.	passing gas
name something that could ruin a romantic dinner.	fight
name something that could ruin a romantic dinner.	bad food
name something that could ruin a romantic dinner.	phone call
name something that could ruin a romantic dinner.	kids
name something that could ruin a romantic dinner.	getting sick
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	ford
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	chevrolet
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	chrysler
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	dodge
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	gm
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	toyota
name a company that makes sport utility vehicles	jeep
name a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun.	ball and chain
name a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun.	tie the knot
name a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun.	hitched
name a synonym for marriage that doesn't make it sound fun.	tied down
name a thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can.	stuffing
name a thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can.	cranberry sauce
name a thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can.	corn
name a thanksgiving food that often comes from a box or can.	yams
name an occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion.	doctor
name an occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion.	lawyer
name an occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion.	actor/model
name an occupation that you could show off at a high school reunion.	business person
name a fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world.	cinderella
name a fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world.	snow white
name a fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world.	little red riding hood
name a fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world.	rapunzel
name a fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world.	goldy locks
name a fairy tale character whose name would cause her to stand out in the real world.	sleeping beauty
name something in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark.	garden hose
name something in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark.	rope
name something in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark.	electrical cord
name something in your garage that might be mistaken for a snake in the dark.	bike chain
name something that probably drops in sales in the winter.	swimsuit
name something that probably drops in sales in the winter.	summer clothing
name something that probably drops in sales in the winter.	pool equipment
name something that probably drops in sales in the winter.	lawn care
name something that probably drops in sales in the winter.	ice cream
name something that probably drops in sales in the winter.	air conditioner
name something people are often trying to get out of doing.	work
name something people are often trying to get out of doing.	homework
name something people are often trying to get out of doing.	chores
name something people are often trying to get out of doing.	jury duty
name a clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style	stretch pants
name a clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style	tight jeans
name a clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style	leg warmers
name a clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style	big hair
name a clothing trend from the 1980s that has come back in style	bright colors
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	sophia loren
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	queen elizabeth
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	nicole kidman
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	madonna
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	zsa zsa gabor
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	penelope cruz
name a famous woman who speaks with an accent to americans	dolly parton
name a reason you might wear a hat.	sun protection
name a reason you might wear a hat.	bad hair day
name a reason you might wear a hat.	raining
name a reason you might wear a hat.	bald head
name a reason you might wear a hat.	bad haircut
name a reason you might wear a hat.	cold
name something specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold	socks
name something specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold	sweater/sweatsuit
name something specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold	flannel pjs
name something specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold	long johns
name something specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold	robe
name something specific you might wear to bed if you're really cold	hat
name something most parents would let their teen experiment with	driving
name something most parents would let their teen experiment with	make up
name something most parents would let their teen experiment with	dating
name something most parents would let their teen experiment with	hairstyle
name something a clown might be carrying	balloons
name something a clown might be carrying	pie
name something a clown might be carrying	flowers
name something a clown might be carrying	horn
name something a clown might be carrying	ball
name something a clown might be carrying	umbrella
name something a clown might be carrying	handkerchief
name somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go	to school
name somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go	to bed
name somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go	to a friend's house
name somewhere that parents cant wait for their kids to go	to summer camp
name something you do after getting a bad haircut	cry
name something you do after getting a bad haircut	wear a hat
name something you do after getting a bad haircut	complain
name something you do after getting a bad haircut	hide
name something kids are taught about abe lincoln	16th president
name something kids are taught about abe lincoln	honest
name something kids are taught about abe lincoln	tall
name something kids are taught about abe lincoln	abolitionist
name something kids are taught about abe lincoln	beard
name an object considered to be good luck	four leaf clover
name an object considered to be good luck	rabbit's foot
name an object considered to be good luck	horseshoe
name an object considered to be good luck	penny
name something you might see at a church gift shop.	bible
name something you might see at a church gift shop.	rosary
name a reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home	don't want to talk
name a reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home	sleeping
name a reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home	busy
name a reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home	telemarketer
name a reason why you dont answer the phone when youre home	in the shower
name a famous character who is never seen without his mask.	batman
name a famous character who is never seen without his mask.	spiderman
name a famous character who is never seen without his mask.	zorro
name a famous character who is never seen without his mask.	jason vorhees
name a famous character who is never seen without his mask.	lone ranger
name a famous character who is never seen without his mask.	the mask
name something you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet.	water it
name something you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet.	cut it
name something you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet.	fertilize it
name something you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet.	plant flowers
name something you do to your lawn that you would never do to your wall-to-wall carpet.	rake it
name something you shouldnt squeeze too tightly	baby
name something you shouldnt squeeze too tightly	vegetables
name something you shouldnt squeeze too tightly	eggs
name something you shouldnt squeeze too tightly	balloon
name something you shouldnt squeeze too tightly	charmin tissue
name something you shouldnt squeeze too tightly	bread
name a reason a kid might get sent home from school.	got in a fight
name a reason a kid might get sent home from school.	being sick
name a reason a kid might get sent home from school.	talk back to teacher
name a reason a kid might get sent home from school.	bring a weapon
name a reason a kid might get sent home from school.	swearing
name a reason a kid might get sent home from school.	smoking
name something specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity	body
name something specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity	name
name something specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity	hair
name something specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity	attitude
name something specific a person may change in order to become a celebrity	nose
name something a dad would look silly borrowing from his child at the bowling alley	shoes
name something a dad would look silly borrowing from his child at the bowling alley	lightweight ball
name something a dad would look silly borrowing from his child at the bowling alley	money
name something a baseball umpire might keep in his locker	facemask
name something a baseball umpire might keep in his locker	baseball
name something a baseball umpire might keep in his locker	cap
name something a baseball umpire might keep in his locker	cup
name something a baseball umpire might keep in his locker	chest protection
name something a baseball umpire might keep in his locker	tobacco
name the best flavor of popsicle.	cherry
name the best flavor of popsicle.	strawberry
name the best flavor of popsicle.	orange
name the best flavor of popsicle.	grape
name the best flavor of popsicle.	raspberry
name the best flavor of popsicle.	banana
name the best flavor of popsicle.	bubble gum
name a singer who became famous as a child	michael jackson
name a singer who became famous as a child	brittney spears
name a singer who became famous as a child	donny osmond
name a singer who became famous as a child	shirley temple
name something a vacation brochure tells you about a destination	weather
name something a vacation brochure tells you about a destination	prices
name something a vacation brochure tells you about a destination	where to stay
name something a vacation brochure tells you about a destination	attractions
name an animal character that talks in the movies	bugs bunny
name an animal character that talks in the movies	babe
name an animal character that talks in the movies	mickey mouse
name an animal character that talks in the movies	kermit the frog
name an animal character that talks in the movies	daffy duck
name an animal character that talks in the movies	porky pig
name an animal character that talks in the movies	donald duck
name something dogs get more excited about than humans do.	bones
name something dogs get more excited about than humans do.	dog food/treats
name something dogs get more excited about than humans do.	their owner
name something dogs get more excited about than humans do.	other dogs
name something dogs get more excited about than humans do.	going for a walk
name something dogs get more excited about than humans do.	toys
name a fruit that can get bruised	apple
name a fruit that can get bruised	peach
name a fruit that can get bruised	bananas
name a fruit that can get bruised	pear
name a profession where you might have a dog for a sidekick	police officer
name a profession where you might have a dog for a sidekick	firefighter
name a profession where you might have a dog for a sidekick	performer
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	band
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	stage
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	amplifiers
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	speakers
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	guitar
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	fans
name something you would need if you were putting on a rock concert	ear plugs
name something sold doortodoor	vacuums
name something sold doortodoor	book
name something sold doortodoor	magazines
name something sold doortodoor	cosmetics
name something sold doortodoor	cookies
name something sold doortodoor	insurance
name something sold doortodoor	fuller brushes
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoon.name something a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date	open doors
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoon.name something a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date	pay for dinner
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoon.name something a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date	compliment her
name a dessert that can only be eaten with a spoon.name something a man might still do for woman when they go out on a date	give her flowers
name something kids might collect from the beach	shells
name something kids might collect from the beach	sand
name something kids might collect from the beach	rocks
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	talking back
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	swearing
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	cheating
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	chewing gum
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	use cell phone
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	skipping class
name something kids get away with in schools today that they wouldnt have years ago	arriving late
name the time of day a person is likely to take a nap	2pm
name the time of day a person is likely to take a nap	12pm
name the time of day a person is likely to take a nap	1pm
name a type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through	sports
name a type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through	car
name a type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through	cooking
name a type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through	men's mag
name a type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through	news/politics
name a type of magazine that you'd be surprised to see a supermodel browsing through	hunting/fishing
name something you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire	blood
name something you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire	the dark
name something you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire	cross
name something you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire	neck bites
name something you cant be afraid of if you want to become a vampire	bats
name something specific that is sold by the bunch.	bananas
name something specific that is sold by the bunch.	grapes
name something specific that is sold by the bunch.	flowers
name something specific that is sold by the bunch.	carrots
name something specific that is sold by the bunch.	onions
name something specific that is sold by the bunch.	radishes
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	computer
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	chess
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	debate
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	glee club
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	boy scouts
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	math
name a club bill gates probably belonged to in high school.	science
name a popular flavor of sherbet.	orange
name a popular flavor of sherbet.	lime
name a popular flavor of sherbet.	strawberry
name a popular flavor of sherbet.	lemon
name the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of.	heights/falling
name the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of.	animals
name the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of.	clowns
name the worst thing for a circus performer to be afraid of.	performing
name the worst place you could have a sneezing fit.	church
name the worst place you could have a sneezing fit.	work
name the worst place you could have a sneezing fit.	movies
name the worst place you could have a sneezing fit.	library
name the worst place you could have a sneezing fit.	driving a car
name the worst place you could have a sneezing fit.	restaurant
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	las vegas
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	theater
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	times square
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	bar
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	store
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	motel
name a place where youd find colorful neon lights	theme park
name a drink that often comes with a spoon	milkshake
name a drink that often comes with a spoon	coffee
name a drink that often comes with a spoon	tea
name a drink that often comes with a spoon	hot chocolate
name a drink that often comes with a spoon	root beer float
name a drink that often comes with a spoon	slush/smoothie
name a reason why your kids teacher might call from school	sick
name a reason why your kids teacher might call from school	bad behavior
name a reason why your kids teacher might call from school	bad grades
name a reason why your kids teacher might call from school	fight
name a reason why your kids teacher might call from school	skipping class
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	sleeping pill
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	count sheep
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	drink warm milk
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	read
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	watch tv
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	listen to music
name something people do to help them fall asleep at night	listen to the radio
name something you buy to go with a guitar.	pick
name something you buy to go with a guitar.	case
name something you buy to go with a guitar.	strings
name something you buy to go with a guitar.	amp
name something you buy to go with a guitar.	sheet music
name something "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar.	phone number
name something "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar.	name
name something "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar.	smile
name something "fake" that you might give to the person hitting on you in a bar.	compliment
name some reasons why teenagers want to get older?	drive
name some reasons why teenagers want to get older?	drink
name some reasons why teenagers want to get older?	move out
name some reasons why teenagers want to get older?	date
name some reasons why teenagers want to get older?	get a job
name some reasons why teenagers want to get older?	no curfew
name something that can cause a flat tire.	nail
name something that can cause a flat tire.	glass shard
name something that can cause a flat tire.	pin
name something that can cause a flat tire.	rocks
name something that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus	bathroom
name something that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus	bed
name something that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus	television
name something that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus	bar
name something that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus	kitchen
name something that might be added to a rockstar's tour bus that you wouldn't find on a city bus	stereo
name something a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship	shake hands
name something a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship	high five
name something a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship	clap
name something a losing sports team does to the winners to show good sportsmanship	congratulate
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	passengers
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	planes
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	clouds
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	pilot
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	sky
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	in flight movie
name something a flight attendant sees everyday	safety movie
name a character who's known for almost ruining christmas.	grinch
name a character who's known for almost ruining christmas.	ebenezer scrooge
name a character who's known for almost ruining christmas.	charlie brown
name an event that takes place at a church	wedding
name an event that takes place at a church	prayer service
name an event that takes place at a church	baptism
name an event that takes place at a church	bible studies
name an event that takes place at a church	holy communion
name an event that takes place at a church	concert
name something important that you're careful not to misplace when you move.	keys
name something important that you're careful not to misplace when you move.	passport
name something important that you're careful not to misplace when you move.	wallet/money
name something important that you're careful not to misplace when you move.	jewelery
name something important that you're careful not to misplace when you move.	phone
name something that's conducted	performances
name something that's conducted	train
name something that's conducted	electricity
name something that's conducted	survey
name something a divorced person might do with their wedding ring	sell it
name something a divorced person might do with their wedding ring	throw it away
name something a divorced person might do with their wedding ring	give it back
name something a divorced person might do with their wedding ring	keep it
name something youd like to have in your backyard	pool
name something youd like to have in your backyard	garden
name something youd like to have in your backyard	swingset
name something youd like to have in your backyard	grill
name something youd like to have in your backyard	fence
name something youd like to have in your backyard	fountain
name a messy food you can tell a kid has been eating	spaghetti
name a messy food you can tell a kid has been eating	ice cream
name a messy food you can tell a kid has been eating	chocolate
name a messy food you can tell a kid has been eating	pizza
name a messy food you can tell a kid has been eating	cake
name a fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun.	inspector gadget
name a fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun.	sherlock holmes
name a fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun.	james bond
name a fictional character who makes spy work look like a lot of fun.	nancy drew
name a common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults	cold
name a common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults	flu
name a common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults	chicken pox
name a common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults	ear infection
name a common sickness that kids seem to get more often than adults	strep throat
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	tv
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	bathroom
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	bed
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	kitchen
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	closets
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	bedroom
name something in your house you wish were just a little bit bigger	backyard
name something people eat with crackers	cheese
name something people eat with crackers	soup
name something people eat with crackers	peanut butter
name something people eat with crackers	chili
name a shade of blue (light and dark are not answers)	navy blue
name a shade of blue (light and dark are not answers)	baby blue
name a shade of blue (light and dark are not answers)	sky blue
name a shade of blue (light and dark are not answers)	teal/turquoise
name a shade of blue (light and dark are not answers)	royal
name a shade of blue (light and dark are not answers)	sapphire
name something people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever	cold bath
name something people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever	medicine
name something people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever	cold washcloth
name something people do to lower their temperature when they have a fever	use ice
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	french
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	italian
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	spanish
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	british
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	southern
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	australian
name an accent that many americans consider sexy	irish
name a profession where neatness counts	doctor/nurse
name a profession where neatness counts	maid
name a profession where neatness counts	teacher
name a profession where neatness counts	secretary
name a profession where neatness counts	accountant/banker
name something that can stink up your car	cigarettes
name something that can stink up your car	rotten fruit
name something that can stink up your car	spoiled milk
name something that can stink up your car	fish
name something that can stink up your car	wet dog
name something that can stink up your car	body ordor
name something that can stink up your car	onion
name something a teenage boy might ask his dad for.	car
name something a teenage boy might ask his dad for.	money
name something a teenage boy might ask his dad for.	advice
name something a teenage boy might ask his dad for.	bike
name something a teenage boy might ask his dad for.	2
name something you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met	undress
name something you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met	cry
name something you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met	discuss heavy issues
name something you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met	stick out tongue
name something you might do in front of a doctor but not in front of most people youve just met	cough
name something people do that ticks off animal activists	wear fur
name something people do that ticks off animal activists	hunting
name something people do that ticks off animal activists	eat meat
name something people do that ticks off animal activists	tests
name something you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes.	perfume
name something you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes.	insect repelant
name something you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes.	hairspray
name something you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes.	sunscreen/tan
name something you spray on yourself that would sting if it got in your eyes.	deoderant
name a celeb who should never have taken up acting	paris hilton
name a celeb who should never have taken up acting	britney spears
name a celeb who should never have taken up acting	jessica simpson
name a celeb who should never have taken up acting	pamela anderson
name a celeb who should never have taken up acting	mariah carey
name a celeb who should never have taken up acting	madonna
name something people wear that has their company logo on	shirt
name something people wear that has their company logo on	hat
name something people wear that has their company logo on	jacket
name something people wear that has their company logo on	uniform
name something people wear that has their company logo on	badge
name a measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body.	her waist
name a measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body.	bust
name a measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body.	her hips
name a measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body.	her weight
name a measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body.	butt size
name a measurement a man probably doesn't know about his wife's body.	feet size
name a profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles	teacher
name a profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles	writer
name a profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles	librarian
name a profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles	editor
name a profession that would help you be good at solving crossword puzzles	journalist
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	nurse
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	maid
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	devil
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	cat
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	witch
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	vampire
name a halloween costume adults wear to look sexy	cop
name a modern device that older people have trouble using	computer
name a modern device that older people have trouble using	video player
name a modern device that older people have trouble using	hearing aid
name a modern device that older people have trouble using	microwave
name a modern device that older people have trouble using	telephone
name a modern device that older people have trouble using	remote control
name a bird with really long legs.	ostrich
name a bird with really long legs.	flamingo
name something that may include a meal in the ticket price.	concert
name something that may include a meal in the ticket price.	flight
name something that may include a meal in the ticket price.	movie
name something that may include a meal in the ticket price.	cruise
name a fruit they put in ice cream	strawberry
name a fruit they put in ice cream	peach
name a fruit they put in ice cream	banana
name a fruit they put in ice cream	raspberry
name a place people often keep a spare key	under mat
name a place people often keep a spare key	under a rock
name a place people often keep a spare key	at neighbors
name a place people often keep a spare key	flower pot
name a place people often keep a spare key	wallet/purse
name a place people often keep a spare key	car
name a kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you	wine
name a kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you	coffee
name a kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you	beer
name a kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you	juice
name a kind of drink you wouldnt want to have spilled on you	milk
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	black
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	pink
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	purple
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	orange
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	red
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	white
name a color most people wouldnt want to paint their house	green
name an occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to.	wedding
name an occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to.	funeral
name an occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to.	work/meeting
name an occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to.	job interview
name an occasion that it would not be fashionable to arrive late to.	court
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	golf
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	tennis
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	piano
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	football
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	playing guitar
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	dancing
name a hobby or activity in which youd love to get lessons from a pro	singing
name a place where people get new recipes	internet
name a place where people get new recipes	cookbook
name a place where people get new recipes	tv
name a place where people get new recipes	friends
name a place where people get new recipes	family recipe
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	roommate wanted
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	jobs
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	books
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	lecture
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	concert
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	classes
name something that might be advertised on the bulletin board at a college	tutoring
name something you might see in a museum about the old west.	gun
name something you might see in a museum about the old west.	pictures
name something you might see in a museum about the old west.	covered wagon
name something you might see in a museum about the old west.	stagecoach
name something you might see in a museum about the old west.	buffalo
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	clean your room
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	go to bed
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	do your homework
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	eat your vegetables
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	be quiet
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	their name
name something a mom says that her kids pretend not to hear	no
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	6
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	4
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	8
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	5
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	10
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	7
name how many people can ride comfortably in the back of a limo. (numeric only)	3
name something about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear	huggable
name something about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear	stuffed
name something about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear	smaller
name something about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear	softer
name something about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear	no teeth
name something about a teddy bear thats different from a real bear	safe
name something a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school.	writing
name something a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school.	playing sports
name something a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school.	carrying things
name something a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school.	going to bathroom
name something a kid with a broken arm would have a hard time doing at school.	raising hand
name a type of business that you can smell before you see it.	bakery
name a type of business that you can smell before you see it.	restaurant
name a type of business that you can smell before you see it.	fish market
name a type of business that you can smell before you see it.	sewage treatment
name a type of business that you can smell before you see it.	coffee shop
name a type of business that you can smell before you see it.	florist
name something you might see at a bus stop.	people
name something you might see at a bus stop.	bench
name something you might see at a bus stop.	bus
name something you might see at a bus stop.	bus signs
name something you might see at a bus stop.	bus schedule
name something you might see at a bus stop.	poster
name something humans wear, but cats look silly in	hats
name something humans wear, but cats look silly in	shoes
name something humans wear, but cats look silly in	glasses
name something humans wear, but cats look silly in	sweater
name a food that's noisy when people eat it.	chips
name a food that's noisy when people eat it.	popcorn
name a food that's noisy when people eat it.	celery
name a food that's noisy when people eat it.	carrots
name a food that's noisy when people eat it.	apple
name a food that's noisy when people eat it.	cereal
name the best place to be on a winter night	near the fireplace
name the best place to be on a winter night	home
name the best place to be on a winter night	in a warm bed
name the best place to be on a winter night	in a warm place
name the best place to be on a winter night	mountains
name the best place to be on a winter night	cozy cottage
name a specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in	bacon
name a specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in	coffee
name a specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in	eggs
name a specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in	pancakes
name a specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in	sausage
name a specific smell from a diner in the morning that makes you want to go in	donuts
name someplace that kids need their parents to drive them	school
name someplace that kids need their parents to drive them	the mall
name someplace that kids need their parents to drive them	the movies
name someplace that kids need their parents to drive them	clubs/practice
name someplace that kids need their parents to drive them	friemd's/party
name an occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day	nurse
name an occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day	doctor
name an occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day	police officer
name an occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day	food server
name an occupation that might get tired of wearing the same thing every day	mail carrier
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	reading
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	watching tv
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	sleeping
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	golfing
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	swimming
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	shopping
name some leisure activity you often spend more time doing than you originally expected to	using a computer
name an activity that could be rained out	sports event
name an activity that could be rained out	picnic
name an activity that could be rained out	wedding
name an activity that could be rained out	concert
name an activity that could be rained out	barbeque
name a phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello	what's up
name a phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello	hey
name a phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello	yo
name a phrase that a cool guy might use to say hello	what's happening
name something that's served at room temperature.	red wine
name something that's served at room temperature.	cake/pie
name something that's served at room temperature.	bread
name something that's served at room temperature.	fruit
name something a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill.	leave classroom
name something a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill.	duck and cover
name something a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill.	form a line
name something a teacher might make students do during an emergency drill.	stay calm
name a common potato chip flavor.	barbecue
name a common potato chip flavor.	sour cream/onion
name a common potato chip flavor.	salt and vinegar
name a common potato chip flavor.	plain
name a common potato chip flavor.	cheddar
name a common potato chip flavor.	ranch
name something babies and puppies have in common.	cute
name something babies and puppies have in common.	drooling
name something babies and puppies have in common.	need attention
name something babies and puppies have in common.	playful
name something babies and puppies have in common.	sleep alot
name something babies and puppies have in common.	cry
name a halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out	ghost
name a halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out	witch
name a halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out	pumpkin
name a halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out	vampire
name a halloween costume people wear if they dont want to go all out	pajamas
name something that tastes better with salt on it	french fries
name something that tastes better with salt on it	eggs
name something that tastes better with salt on it	potato chips
name something that tastes better with salt on it	corn on the cob
name something that tastes better with salt on it	meat
name something that tastes better with salt on it	tomatoes
name something you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you	anesthetic
name something you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you	wash hands
name something you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you	my name
name something you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you	procedure
name something you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you	rubber gloves
name something you'd hate for your doctor to forget before operating on you	drugs
name something that will make a person age faster	smoking
name something that will make a person age faster	sunbathing
name something that will make a person age faster	drinking
name something that will make a person age faster	lack of sleep
name something that will make a person age faster	stress
name something you hope that youre still doing when youre	walking/running
name something you hope that youre still doing when youre	active love life
name something you hope that youre still doing when youre	driving
name something you hope that youre still doing when youre	traveling
name a reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk	parade
name a reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk	sunbathing
name a reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk	yard sale
name a reason people might put lawnchairs on the sidewalk	throwing them out
name something that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy. (more specific than food/drinks)	rocks
name something that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy. (more specific than food/drinks)	wet floor
name something that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy. (more specific than food/drinks)	hot coffee
name something that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy. (more specific than food/drinks)	cracks/bumps
name something that a waitress on roller skates would say is her mortal enemy. (more specific than food/drinks)	condiments/dressing
name an animal with a fluffy tail.	rabbit
name an animal with a fluffy tail.	cat
name an animal with a fluffy tail.	squirrel
name an animal with a fluffy tail.	husky/dog
name an animal with a fluffy tail.	fox
name an animal with a fluffy tail.	skunk
name a skill thats more important for teens to learn today than previously	computer skills
name a skill thats more important for teens to learn today than previously	driving
name a skill thats more important for teens to learn today than previously	second language
name a fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents.	his age
name a fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents.	his job
name a fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents.	old relationships
name a fact about a new boyfriend that a woman might wait to tell her parents.	criminal record
name something that might have nuts in it?	candy
name something that might have nuts in it?	cookies
name something that might have nuts in it?	brownies
name something that might have nuts in it?	pies
name something that might have nuts in it?	cake
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	eggs
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	rice
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	mac and cheese
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	soup
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	spaghetti
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	frozen pizza
name a food you cook for which you dont need to read a recipe	cookies
name something contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do.	chicken pox
name something contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do.	cold
name something contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do.	measles
name something contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do.	lice
name something contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do.	mumps
name something contagious that kids sometimes catch, but adults seldom do.	pink eye
name something on a baby that might be described as "chubby".	cheeks
name something on a baby that might be described as "chubby".	legs
name something on a baby that might be described as "chubby".	belly
name something on a baby that might be described as "chubby".	arms
name something on a baby that might be described as "chubby".	hands
name something on a baby that might be described as "chubby".	feet
name something that only a nosy person would look through	your windows
name something that only a nosy person would look through	your diary/journal
name something that only a nosy person would look through	medicine cabinet/closet
name something that only a nosy person would look through	your purse
name something that only a nosy person would look through	your mail
name something that only a nosy person would look through	cell phone records
name something that only a nosy person would look through	your trash
name a skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are	typing
name a skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are	working hard
name a skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are	communication
name a skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are	sales
name a skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are	customer service
name a skill that a persons resume might claim theyre better at than they really are	foreign language
name a meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults.	ribs
name a meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults.	wings
name a meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults.	seafood
name a meal that sometimes comes with a bib even for adults.	steak
name a place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot.	school
name a place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot.	mall
name a place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot.	sports game
name a place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot.	park
name a place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot.	car dealership
name a place where you might see lots of minivans in the parking lot.	grocery store
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	caramel
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	cherry
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	strawberry
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	chocolate creme
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	nut
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	peanut butter
name your favorite filling in a valentines day chocolate	vanilla
name a reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night	heard a noise
name a reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night	"in the mood"
name a reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night	snoring
name a reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night	you're sick
name a reason why you'd wake your spouse up in the middle of the night	had a nightmare
name something hawaiians do to celebrate winter	lu'au
name something hawaiians do to celebrate winter	dance
name something hawaiians do to celebrate winter	surf
name something hawaiians do to celebrate winter	party
name something hawaiians do to celebrate winter	decorate
name something hawaiians do to celebrate winter	swim
name a kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean	stove/oven
name a kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean	blender
name a kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean	refrigerator
name a kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean	microwave
name a kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean	toaster
name a kitchen appliance that is hardest to clean	coffee maker
name something that people have a desire to smash.	pumpkin
name something that people have a desire to smash.	glass
name something that people have a desire to smash.	bugs
name something that people have a desire to smash.	cans
name something that people have a desire to smash.	potatoes
name something that people have a desire to smash.	eggs
name something people go to that might be sold out	concert
name something people go to that might be sold out	movies
name something people go to that might be sold out	sports event
name something people go to that might be sold out	theatre
name something people go to that might be sold out	musical
name something you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit.	crime rate
name something you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit.	weather forcast
name something you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit.	natural disaster
name something you might find out about a city that would make you change your plans to visit.	political conflict
name something people drink a lot of in the summer	lemonade
name something people drink a lot of in the summer	iced tea
name something people drink a lot of in the summer	water
name something people drink a lot of in the summer	beer
name something people drink a lot of in the summer	kool aid
name a type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men	beer
name a type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men	cologne/aftershave
name a type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men	razors
name a type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men	deodorant
name a type of tv commercial thats usually targeted at men	car
name someone you have a very hard time saying no to.	kids
name someone you have a very hard time saying no to.	parent
name someone you have a very hard time saying no to.	partner
name someone you have a very hard time saying no to.	boss
name something a man might put in his hair.	gel
name something a man might put in his hair.	mousse
name something a man might put in his hair.	grease
name something a man might put in his hair.	shampoo
name something a man might put in his hair.	hair spray
name something a man might put in his hair.	dye
name something a man might put in his hair.	oil
name something a man might put in his hair.	texturizer
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	movie stars
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	designer clothes
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	acceptance speeches
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	red carpet
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	fans
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	bad dance numbers
name something you expect to see when you watch the academy awards.	musicians
name something you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life.	horse
name something you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life.	airplane
name something you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life.	roller coaster
name something you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life.	motorcycle
name something you've ridden on only a handful of times in your life.	train
name something you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy.	ride a horse
name something you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy.	ride in rodeo
name something you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy.	wear boots
name something you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy.	lasso him
name something you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy.	use cowboy slang
name something you may do if you were trying to woo a cowboy.	wear cowboy hat
name a type of oil people never put on food.	motor
name a type of oil people never put on food.	mineral
name an occupation where you could get away with reading on the job	librarian
name an occupation where you could get away with reading on the job	writer/ editor
name an occupation where you could get away with reading on the job	teacher
name an occupation where you could get away with reading on the job	secretary
name an occupation where you could get away with reading on the job	security guard
name a jelly bean flavor	cherry
name a jelly bean flavor	licorice
name a jelly bean flavor	lemon
name a jelly bean flavor	strawberry
name a jelly bean flavor	orange
name a jelly bean flavor	grape
name a jelly bean flavor	watermelon
name a language spoken in europe	french
name a language spoken in europe	english
name a language spoken in europe	spanish
name a language spoken in europe	german
name a language spoken in europe	italian
name a place in your house that you don't bother decorating.	bathroom
name a place in your house that you don't bother decorating.	closet
name a place in your house that you don't bother decorating.	basement
name a place in your house that you don't bother decorating.	garage
name a place in your house that you don't bother decorating.	laundry room
name a place in your house that you don't bother decorating.	attic
name something that grows without being watered	hair
name something that grows without being watered	weeds
name something that grows without being watered	cactus
name something that grows without being watered	people
name something that grows without being watered	nails
name something boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do	start fire
name something boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do	door to door sales
name something boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do	camp
name something boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do	community service
name something boy scouts and girl scouts both learn to do	first aid
name a sport that takes place in the water.	water polo
name a sport that takes place in the water.	swimming
name a sport that takes place in the water.	water ski
name a sport that takes place in the water.	marco polo
name a sport that takes place in the water.	diving
name a sport that takes place in the water.	sailing
name a word men use to mean friend	buddy
name a word men use to mean friend	bro
name a word men use to mean friend	pal
name a word men use to mean friend	dude
name a word men use to mean friend	mate
name a word men use to mean friend	chum
name a kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree.	oak tree
name a kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree.	palm tree
name a kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree.	maple tree
name a kind of tree that would look silly to have as a christmas tree.	fruit tree
name something you use to cover up bad smells in your house	air freshener
name something you use to cover up bad smells in your house	candles
name something you use to cover up bad smells in your house	perfume
name something you use to cover up bad smells in your house	incense
name something you use to cover up bad smells in your house	baking soda
name something people proudly share on facebook	pictures
name something people proudly share on facebook	info. on kids
name something people proudly share on facebook	age
name something people proudly share on facebook	real name
name something people proudly share on facebook	relationship status
name something people proudly share on facebook	who friends are
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	trees
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	vehicles
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	fields
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	cows
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	road
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	billboards
name something you see a lot of when you look out the window on a long car ride	mountains
name the most stressful holiday.	christmas
name the most stressful holiday.	thanksgiving
name something you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about.	their wealth
name something you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about.	their conquests
name something you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about.	their looks
name something you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about.	their job
name something you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about.	their education
name something you'd be turned off to hear your date bragging about.	their car
name something teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone.	talk while driving
name something teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone.	prank call
name something teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone.	go over minutes
name something teens should have to promise never to do before getting a cell phone.	send dirty texts
name an occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed	wedding
name an occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed	birthday
name an occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed	christmas
name an occasion where itd be embarrassing to show up empty handed	baby shower
name something a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game.	stretch
name something a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game.	warm up
name something a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game.	meditate
name something a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game.	eat well
name something a pro athlete might do to prepare for a game.	plenty of sleep
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	bambi
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	mickey mouse
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	castle
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	people
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	epcot center
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	space mountain
name something that godzilla would crush at disneyworld.	tea cups
name an animal that you commonly see at the circus	elephant
name an animal that you commonly see at the circus	lion
name an animal that you commonly see at the circus	tiger
name an animal that you commonly see at the circus	monkey
name an animal that you commonly see at the circus	pony
name an animal that you commonly see at the circus	bear
name something permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man	tattoo
name something permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man	fingerprint
name something permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man	scar
name something permanent on a criminals skin that police use to be sure theyve got their man	birthmark
name something an impatient person might do while waiting in line	complain
name something an impatient person might do while waiting in line	tap foot
name something an impatient person might do while waiting in line	yell
name something an impatient person might do while waiting in line	bite nails
name something an impatient person might do while waiting in line	swear
name something an impatient person might do while waiting in line	sigh/moan
name something you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating	pass gas
name something you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating	sneeze
name something you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating	smoke
name something you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating	blow nose
name something you dont want the person next to you to do while youre eating	cough
name a profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous	actor
name a profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous	musician
name a profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous	model
name a profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous	politition
name a profession youd shoot for if you wanted to be famous	athlete
name something people have in their cars that santa might like to have in his sleigh.	heater
name something people have in their cars that santa might like to have in his sleigh.	radio
name a food that is better when it is crisp.	french fries
name a food that is better when it is crisp.	potato chips
name something you do when your toilet overflows.	use plunger
name something you do when your toilet overflows.	call plumber
name something you do when your toilet overflows.	yell
name something you do when your toilet overflows.	turn off water
name something you do when your toilet overflows.	panic
name something you do when your toilet overflows.	throw towel on
name a children's story that has the word "three" in the title.	three little pigs
name a children's story that has the word "three" in the title.	three blind mice
name someone you would be embarrassed to swear in front of.	parents
name someone you would be embarrassed to swear in front of.	grandparents
name something you need to play scrabble.	letters
name something you need to play scrabble.	board
name something besides books that a student might carry in their backpack.	send us your answers!
name something besides books that a student might carry in their backpack.	pencils
name the one person who is always tough to choose a gift for	parents
name the one person who is always tough to choose a gift for	spouse
name the one person who is always tough to choose a gift for	boyfriend
name something specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't.	pool
name something specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't.	maid
name something specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't.	staircase
name something specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't.	chandelier
name something specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't.	library
name something specific a mansion has in it that your house doesn't.	elevator
name a word teenagers use in place of "really great".	cool
name a word teenagers use in place of "really great".	super
name a movie with the word "cat" in the title.	cat in the hat
name a movie with the word "cat" in the title.	catwoman
name a movie with the word "cat" in the title.	that darn cat
name something you failed miserably at the first time you tried it.	driving
name something you failed miserably at the first time you tried it.	riding a bike
name something you failed miserably at the first time you tried it.	cooking
name something you failed miserably at the first time you tried it.	marriage
name something you failed miserably at the first time you tried it.	math
name something you might need to get a permit before doing.	driving a car
name something you might need to get a permit before doing.	fishing
name something people buy at the last minute before thanksgiving.	turkey
name something people buy at the last minute before thanksgiving.	talk
name a reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year.	gas prices
name a reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year.	inflation
name a reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year.	economy
name a reason the americans have less money to spend on christmas this year.	taxes
name a fruit or vegetable bartenders use.	lemon
name a fruit or vegetable bartenders use.	grapes
name a type of vehicles that's really long.	limo
name a type of vehicles that's really long.	bus
name a place on the human body where people will find the most unwanted hair.	underarm
name a place on the human body where people will find the most unwanted hair.	back
name something you'd see at a thrift store.	clothing
name something you'd see at a thrift store.	toys
name something you'd see at a thrift store.	furniture
name a company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in.	microsoft
name a company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in.	google
name a company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in.	at&t
name a company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in.	ibm
name a company that everyone wishes they'd bought stock in.	starbucks
name something you crave on a daily basis.	chocolate
name something you crave on a daily basis.	coffee
name something you crave on a daily basis.	ice cream
name something you crave on a daily basis.	soft drink
name something you crave on a daily basis.	love
name something you crave on a daily basis.	food
name something that just doesn't taste right without salt.	potatoes/fries
name something that just doesn't taste right without salt.	corn/popcorn
name something that just doesn't taste right without salt.	chips
name something that just doesn't taste right without salt.	chicken
name a specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach.	seafood
name a specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach.	pizza
name a specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach.	hamburgers
name a specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach.	milk
name a specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach.	tacos
name a specific food you should not eat on a queasy stomach.	ice cream
name something that some people refrigerate and some people don't.	ketchup
name something that some people refrigerate and some people don't.	bread
name something that some people refrigerate and some people don't.	fruit
name something that some people refrigerate and some people don't.	peanut butter
name something you might find under people's beds.	shoes
name something you might find under people's beds.	clothes
name an occasion for which you might rehearse a phone call before making it.	date
name an occasion for which you might rehearse a phone call before making it.	job interview
name someone you might ask directions from while driving.	gas station attendant
name someone you might ask directions from while driving.	passenger
name a place cars line up to get in.	car wash
name a place cars line up to get in.	gas station
name a place cars line up to get in.	drive through
name something a student might get in trouble for.	send us your answers!
name something a student might get in trouble for.	cheating
name a place where strangers become fast friends.	bar
name a place where strangers become fast friends.	the internet
name a place where strangers become fast friends.	work
name a place where strangers become fast friends.	church
name a place where strangers become fast friends.	vacation
name a place where strangers become fast friends.	sporting event
name a job where you may study dna	scientist
name a job where you may study dna	detective
name a personal possession that you might keep on your desk at work.	send us your answers!
name a personal possession that you might keep on your desk at work.	pictures
name a kind of workman everybody complains about.	plumber
name a kind of workman everybody complains about.	construction
name a kind of workman everybody complains about.	sanitation worker
name a kind of workman everybody complains about.	police officer
name a kind of workman everybody complains about.	tv repair person
name a kind of workman everybody complains about.	mail carrier
name something people break off.	engagement
name something people break off.	relationships
name something people break off.	fingernails
name something people break off.	tree branches
name something people break off.	friendship
name something you never leave the house without.	send us your answers!
name something you never leave the house without.	keys
name an activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck.	driving
name an activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck.	exercise
name an activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck.	turning head
name an activity that's hard to do when you have a stiff neck.	watching movie
name the holiday people gan the most weight after.	thanksgiving
name the holiday people gan the most weight after.	christmas
name a word kids hate their parents to use.	no
name a word kids hate their parents to use.	grounded
name a word kids hate their parents to use.	cool
name a word kids hate their parents to use.	swear words
name a word kids hate their parents to use.	bedtime
name a word kids hate their parents to use.	disappointed
name a women who's not afraid to say what she thinks.	oprah winfrey
name a women who's not afraid to say what she thinks.	hillary clinton
name a women who's not afraid to say what she thinks.	rosie o'donnell
name a women who's not afraid to say what she thinks.	ellen degeneres
name a women who's not afraid to say what she thinks.	sarah palin
name a women who's not afraid to say what she thinks.	barbara walters
name something you'd hate to notice about your clothes just after you left the house.	stain
name something you'd hate to notice about your clothes just after you left the house.	ripped
name something audience members do when they hate a movie.	walk out
name something audience members do when they hate a movie.	boo
name something a teacher might make a student do during an emergency drill.	leave classroom
name something a teacher might make a student do during an emergency drill.	exit building
name something a teacher might make a student do during an emergency drill.	line up
name something specific a child does to get on santa's naughty list.	fight
name something specific a child does to get on santa's naughty list.	tantrum
name one thing your dream house must have.	swimming pool
name one thing your dream house must have.	big/many bathr'ms
name one thing your dream house must have.	jacuzzi
name one thing your dream house must have.	air-conditioning
name one thing your dream house must have.	big kitchen
name one thing your dream house must have.	big yard
name an occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell.	police officer
name an occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell.	flight attendant
name an occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell.	military
name an occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell.	firefighter
name an occupation whose members have a lot of interesting stories to tell.	actor
name something you'd need if you wanted to make a teddy bear	stuffing
name something you'd need if you wanted to make a teddy bear	fur
name something you might get free at a gas station.	matches
name something you might get free at a gas station.	car wash
name something you might get free at a gas station.	gas bottle
name something you might get free at a gas station.	soft drink
name something you might get free at a gas station.	coffee
name something you might get free at a gas station.	cups
name something you might get free at a gas station.	paper towels
name something a woman does to change her appearance, that she wants to look natural.	dye hair
name something a woman does to change her appearance, that she wants to look natural.	makeup
name something a doctor might check during a routine exam.	heart rate
name something a doctor might check during a routine exam.	blood pressure
name something that some men wear and others don't.	underwear
name something that some men wear and others don't.	tie
name something that some men wear and others don't.	jewelry/watch
name something that some men wear and others don't.	cologne/aft'shave
name something that some men wear and others don't.	hat
name a woman who made one giant leap for womankind.	amelia earhart
name a woman who made one giant leap for womankind.	oprah winfrey
name a woman who made one giant leap for womankind.	hillary clinton
name a woman who made one giant leap for womankind.	rosa parks
name a woman who made one giant leap for womankind.	sally ride
name a woman who made one giant leap for womankind.	susan b. anthony
name something that gets heated.	water
name something that gets heated.	soup
name something that gets heated.	griddle
name something that gets heated.	coffee
name something that gets heated.	house
name something that gets heated.	dinner
name something that gets heated.	stove
name a career or source of income that makes getting into heaven a "long shot"?	lawyer
name a career or source of income that makes getting into heaven a "long shot"?	politician
name something people put in their yards to attract birds.	bird feeder
name something people put in their yards to attract birds.	bird house
name something that might ruin a ballerina's day while performing on stage.	fall
name something that might ruin a ballerina's day while performing on stage.	twist ankle
name something you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on.	gum
name something you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on.	tack
name something you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on.	food
name something you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on.	dog
name something you'd hate to discover you'd been sitting on.	wet paint
name a profession in las vegas that makes really good tips	waitress
name a profession in las vegas that makes really good tips	dealer
name something in nature a poet might write about.	trees
name something in nature a poet might write about.	birds
name something in nature a poet might write about.	sky
name something every judge needs to have.	gavel
name something every judge needs to have.	robe
name something in an office that drives people crazy when it is not working.	copier
name something in an office that drives people crazy when it is not working.	printer
name something in an office that drives people crazy when it is not working.	fax machine
name a type of salad people eat at a picnic.	potato
name a type of salad people eat at a picnic.	fruit
name a celebrity who fought the law, but the law won.	o.j. simpson
name a celebrity who fought the law, but the law won.	willie nelson
name a celebrity who fought the law, but the law won.	charlie sheen
name a celebrity who fought the law, but the law won.	martha stewart
name a celebrity who fought the law, but the law won.	robert downe jr.
name a celebrity who fought the law, but the law won.	johnny cash
name something about which you think it's useless to worry.	weather
name something about which you think it's useless to worry.	future
name something about which you think it's useless to worry.	money
name something about which you think it's useless to worry.	death
name something about which you think it's useless to worry.	people's opinion
name something about which you think it's useless to worry.	past
name something specific a stuntman does.	jumps
name something specific a stuntman does.	crashes
name a classic pickup line a guy might use on a girl.	haven'd we met before
name a classic pickup line a guy might use on a girl.	your hot
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	doctor
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	carpenter
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	glass maker
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	fine china shop
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	food service
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	butcher
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	chef
name a bad occupation for a person who's all thumbs.	stenographer
name an animal that ruins a farmer's crops.	crow
name an animal that ruins a farmer's crops.	gophers
name something a baseball fan might be holding at the game	ball
name something a baseball fan might be holding at the game	ball glove
name something that some people do only on sunday morning.	church
name something that some people do only on sunday morning.	brunch
name something you'd find at most amusement parks.	roller coaster
name something you'd find at most amusement parks.	merry go round
name a romantic movie people like to rent.	gone with the wind
name a romantic movie people like to rent.	casablanca
name a romantic movie people like to rent.	titanic
name a romantic movie people like to rent.	sleepless in seattle
name a romantic movie people like to rent.	pretty woman
name a romantic movie people like to rent.	an officer and a gentlema
name a class you might take if you wanted to go to law school	political science
name a class you might take if you wanted to go to law school	english
name something you'd see on a coffee table	book
name something you'd see on a coffee table	magazine
name something you'd see on a coffee table	coaster
name something that has flashing lights.	police cars
name something that has flashing lights.	send us your answers!
name a word or phrase beginning with the word "snow"	snowman
name a word or phrase beginning with the word "snow"	snowflake
name something specific you might buy at a lingerie store.	bra
name something specific you might buy at a lingerie store.	underwear
name something kids play with on the way to school.	ball
name something kids play with on the way to school.	toys
name something kids play with on the way to school.	friends
name something kids play with on the way to school.	bicycle
name something kids play with on the way to school.	video game
name something kids play with on the way to school.	books
name a place where you see a lot of mirrors.	dressing room
name a place where you see a lot of mirrors.	gym
name a place where you see a lot of mirrors.	bathrooms
name something you need to knit a sweater.	yarn
name something you need to knit a sweater.	thread
name something women talk about with their hairdressers.	men
name something women talk about with their hairdressers.	hairstyle
name a fruit that is considered tropical	pineapple
name a fruit that is considered tropical	mango
name something or someone that has fangs.	send us your answers!
name something or someone that has fangs.	vampire
name something you're asked to do at the eye doctor's office.	read chart
name something you're asked to do at the eye doctor's office.	close one eye
name a card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency.	credit card
name a card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency.	insurance card
name a card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency.	medical alert
name a card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency.	driver's license
name a card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency.	aaa
name a card you carry in your wallet in case of an emergency.	atm card
name something you'd need if you wanter to look like the grim reaper.	black hood & cape
name something you'd need if you wanter to look like the grim reaper.	scythe
name an animal you'd never kiss on the lips.	dog
name an animal you'd never kiss on the lips.	snake
name an animal you'd never kiss on the lips.	monkey
name an animal you'd never kiss on the lips.	pig
name an animal you'd never kiss on the lips.	alligator
name an animal you'd never kiss on the lips.	horse
name a place where people aren't afraid to sing really loud.	place of worship
name a place where people aren't afraid to sing really loud.	concert
name a wild animal you would find living in cities.	rats
name a wild animal you would find living in cities.	raccoon
name a wild animal you would find living in cities.	deer
name a wild animal you would find living in cities.	skunks
name something that is found in a burrito.	beans
name something that is found in a burrito.	cheese
name something a construction worker would hate to forget to bring with him to work.	hard hat
name something a construction worker would hate to forget to bring with him to work.	tools
name a holiday that's more fun for adults than kids	new years
name a holiday that's more fun for adults than kids	valentine's day
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	light bulbs
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	carpet
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	furniture
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	computer
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	coffee maker
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	bedding
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	television
name something in your home that has to be replaced every few years.	curtains
name a reason why the speed limit might suddenly go down in one area.	school zone
name a reason why the speed limit might suddenly go down in one area.	town
name something you'd see in a restaurant's kitchen	pots and pans
name something you'd see in a restaurant's kitchen	stove
name something you'd see in a restaurant's kitchen	cooks
name something you might find in a garage.	send us your answers!
name something you might find in a garage.	car
name a celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously.	britney spears
name a celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously.	elizabeth taylor
name a celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously.	brad pitt
name a celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously.	zsa zsa gabor
name a celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously.	tom cruise
name a celebrity who doesn't take marriage very seriously.	mel gibson
name something you might find at a seance.	crystal ball
name something you might find at a seance.	tarot cards
name something you might bring to the gym.	towel
name something you might bring to the gym.	sneakers
name something you might bring to the gym.	gym clothes
name something that smells awful when it expires.	send us your answers!
name something that smells awful when it expires.	milk
name a place you would go to get a good view.	mountain
name a place you would go to get a good view.	send us your answers!
name a job that requires a tuxedo.	waiter
name a job that requires a tuxedo.	bellhop
name a food that pregnant women supposedly crave.	pickles
name a food that pregnant women supposedly crave.	ice cream
name a reason someone would return a gift.	wrong size
name a reason someone would return a gift.	doesn't like it
name a home appliance that's expensive to replace.	fridge
name a home appliance that's expensive to replace.	oven
name a home appliance that's expensive to replace.	dish washer
name something you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature.	driving in car
name something you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature.	sleeping
name something you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature.	making love
name something you'd hate to be doing when you hear the call of mother nature.	on the job
name a reason a family might throw a party.	birthday
name a reason a family might throw a party.	graduation
name a reason a family might throw a party.	anniversary
name something old people spend more time doing than young people.	sleeping
name something old people spend more time doing than young people.	reading
name an animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet.	snake
name an animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet.	tiger
name an animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet.	monkey
name an animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet.	elephant
name an animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet.	pig
name an animal that you are surprised that some people keep as a pet.	rat
name something somebody might do that would make them a grinch or a scrooge.	not give gifts
name something somebody might do that would make them a grinch or a scrooge.	hate christmas
name a food that has a lot of fiber.	cereal
name a food that has a lot of fiber.	bread
name a hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class.	russell cowe
name a hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class.	sean penn
name a hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class.	mel gibson
name a hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class.	tom cruise
name a hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class.	naomi campbell
name a hot headed celebrity who should enroll in an anger management class.	john mcenroe
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	seattle
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	new york
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	miami
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	san francisco
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	las vegas
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	charleston
name the prettiest city in the u.s.	washington dc
name a place you would see someone wearing a towel.	beach
name a place you would see someone wearing a towel.	pool
name a place you would see someone wearing a towel.	bathroom
name something you might pretend to be in order to impress someone.	send us your answers!
name something you might pretend to be in order to impress someone.	wealthy
name a part of their bodies pregnant women complain about.	back
name a part of their bodies pregnant women complain about.	stomach
name a part of their bodies pregnant women complain about.	feet/ankles
name a part of their bodies pregnant women complain about.	legs
name a reason you might have to evacuate your home.	fire
name a reason you might have to evacuate your home.	flood
name a reason you might have to evacuate your home.	hurricane
name a reason you might have to evacuate your home.	gas leak
name a reason you might have to evacuate your home.	bug infestation
name something you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it.	pants
name something you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it.	sock/stocking
name something you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it.	underwear/panties
name something you'd be embarrassed to find has a hole in it.	shoes
name an excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man.	feet hurt
name an excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man.	tired
name an excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man.	can't/won't dance
name an excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man.	headache/ill
name an excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man.	has a boyfriend
name an excuse that a girl gives when she doesn't want to slow dance with a man.	ladies' room
name a kind of test you'd never want to fail.	driving
name a kind of test you'd never want to fail.	medical
name a kind of test you'd never want to fail.	i.q.
name a kind of test you'd never want to fail.	school subject
name a kind of test you'd never want to fail.	lie detector
name a kind of test you'd never want to fail.	s.a.t.
name something that goes by fast.	time
name something that goes by fast.	life
name something that goes by fast.	train
name something that goes by fast.	jet
name something that goes by fast.	cars
name something that goes by fast.	the weekend
name a reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins.	umbrella
name a reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins.	likes to sing
name a reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins.	british accent
name a reason you'd suspect that your babysitter was actually mary poppins.	same dress
name something that would make you freak out if you lost it.	wallet
name something that would make you freak out if you lost it.	wedding rings
name something that would make you freak out if you lost it.	cell phone
name something that would make you freak out if you lost it.	keys
name something that would make you freak out if you lost it.	money
name something that would make you freak out if you lost it.	child
name a measuring device.	ruler
name a measuring device.	measuring cup
name a measuring device.	tape measure
name a measuring device.	measuring spoon
name a measuring device.	yard stick
name something that is bad sportsmanship in golf.	throw club
name something that is bad sportsmanship in golf.	talk/make noise
name something that is bad sportsmanship in golf.	moving ball
name something that is bad sportsmanship in golf.	not count strokes
name a fictional character with the word "old" in their name.	old macdonald
name a fictional character with the word "old" in their name.	old yeller
name a fictional character with the word "old" in their name.	old man river
name a fictional character with the word "old" in their name.	old maid
name a fictional character with the word "old" in their name.	old mother hub'rd
name a fictional character with the word "old" in their name.	old king cole
name a kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle.	concert
name a kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle.	movie
name a kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle.	sports stadium
name a kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle.	subway
name a kind of place where people are herded-in like cattle.	amusement park
name something that might be described as steamy.	romance
name something that might be described as steamy.	shower
name something that might be described as steamy.	sauna
name something that might be described as steamy.	movies
name something that might be described as steamy.	vegetables
name something a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck.	makeup
name something a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck.	scarf
name something a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck.	turtleneck
name something a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck.	band-aid
name something a teenager might use to cover a hickey on their neck.	collar
name something a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game.	watch/jewelry
name something a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game.	car
name something a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game.	house
name something a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game.	money
name something a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game.	the farm
name something a man owns that he might try to bet in a big poker game.	playstation
name a word meaning opposite of "athletic".	lazy
name a word meaning opposite of "athletic".	clumsy
name a word meaning opposite of "athletic".	nerd
name a word meaning opposite of "athletic".	non athletic
name something specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up.	tattoo
name something specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up.	eyes
name something specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up.	scar
name something specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up.	height
name something specific you would try to hide if you were in a police line-up.	hands
name something some people claim to have seen that others are skeptical of.	ghosts
name something some people claim to have seen that others are skeptical of.	ufos
name something some people claim to have seen that others are skeptical of.	monsters
name something oprah's fans can't wait for her to do.	give gifts/cars
name something oprah's fans can't wait for her to do.	get married
name something oprah's fans can't wait for her to do.	book of month
name something oprah's fans can't wait for her to do.	lose weight
name something oprah's fans can't wait for her to do.	become president
name something oprah's fans can't wait for her to do.	have children
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	ice cream sundae
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	cherry pie
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	drink
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	yogurt
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	chocolate covered
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	cake
name something that might have a cherry on or in it.	cherries jubilee
name a popular way for people to exercise.	on foot
name a popular way for people to exercise.	hike
name a popular way for people to exercise.	speed walk
name a popular way for people to exercise.	power walk
name a popular way for people to exercise.	stroll
name a popular way for people to exercise.	trek
name a popular way for people to exercise.	walk
name a popular way for people to exercise.	amble
name a popular way for people to exercise.	run
name a popular way for people to exercise.	jog
name a popular way for people to exercise.	sprint
name a popular way for people to exercise.	aerobics
name a popular way for people to exercise.	fitaerobics
name a popular way for people to exercise.	riding bike
name a popular way for people to exercise.	cycling
name a popular way for people to exercise.	biking
name a popular way for people to exercise.	free weights
name a popular way for people to exercise.	dumbbells
name a popular way for people to exercise.	barbells
name a popular way for people to exercise.	weights
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	utensils
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	dishware
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	table
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	chef
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	kitchen
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	food
name something in a restaurant that had better not be dirty, or you'll get up and leave.	washroom
name a us state where cows might outnumber people.	texas
name a us state where cows might outnumber people.	wisconsin
name a us state where cows might outnumber people.	montana
name a us state where cows might outnumber people.	wyoming
name a us state where cows might outnumber people.	iowa
name a us state where cows might outnumber people.	oklahoma
name something men obsess about.	cars
name something men obsess about.	money
name something men obsess about.	hair loss
name something men obsess about.	looks
name something men obsess about.	sports
name something men obsess about.	bodies
name something you push.	cart
name something you push.	baby stroller
name something you push.	vacuum
name something you push.	lawn mower
name something that people do at midnight on new year's eve.	kiss
name something that people do at midnight on new year's eve.	drink/toast
name something that people do at midnight on new year's eve.	yell happy new year
name something that people do at midnight on new year's eve.	blow horns
name something you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time.	lights
name something you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time.	christmas trees
name something you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time.	santa
name something you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time.	salvation army
name something you'd expect to see on the streets at christmas time.	snow
name a souvenir people buy at disneyland.	hats
name a souvenir people buy at disneyland.	t-shirt
name a souvenir people buy at disneyland.	key chain
name a souvenir people buy at disneyland.	character doll
name a souvenir people buy at disneyland.	snow globes
name an occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work.	politician
name an occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work.	lawyer
name an occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work.	sales
name an occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work.	telemarketer
name an occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work.	cia agent
name an occupation where telling lies is all in a day's work.	reporter
name something you only use in the summer.	swimsuit
name something you only use in the summer.	swimming pool
name something you only use in the summer.	sunscreen
name something you only use in the summer.	air conditioner
name something you only use in the summer.	grill
name a sport where you see players behaving badly.	hockey
name a sport where you see players behaving badly.	football
name a sport where you see players behaving badly.	basketball
name a sport where you see players behaving badly.	baseball
name a sport where you see players behaving badly.	soccer
name a sport where you see players behaving badly.	wrestling
name a reason why your partner might come home in a bad mood.	bad day at work
name a reason why your partner might come home in a bad mood.	lost job
name something you wash in a sink.	dishes
name something you wash in a sink.	pantyhose
name something you wash in a sink.	hands
name something you wash in a sink.	lingerie
name something a man might wear only on special occasions.	suit
name something a man might wear only on special occasions.	tie
name something that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it.	food/coffee
name something that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it.	cigarettes
name something that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it.	sex
name something that turns people into grouches if they try to go too long without it.	sleep
name something you'd rather get than give.	money
name something you'd rather get than give.	advice
name something you'd rather get than give.	jewlery
name something you'd rather get than give.	gifts
name something you'd rather get than give.	new car
name something you'd rather get than give.	love
name something big sisters teach little sisters how to do.	makeup
name something big sisters teach little sisters how to do.	fix hair
name something big sisters teach little sisters how to do.	date
name something big sisters teach little sisters how to do.	kiss
name something big sisters teach little sisters how to do.	cook
name something big sisters teach little sisters how to do.	dress
name something that people are sometimes said to be under.	the weather
name something that people are sometimes said to be under.	pressure/stress
name something that people are sometimes said to be under.	the influence
name something that people are sometimes said to be under.	a spell
name a part of your body that you can cross.	legs
name a part of your body that you can cross.	arms
name a part of your body that you can cross.	fingers
name a part of your body that you can cross.	heart
name a part of your body that you can cross.	eyes
name something you might see at hogwarts.	harry potter
name something you might see at hogwarts.	ghosts
name something you might see at hogwarts.	wizards
name something you might see at hogwarts.	magic
name something you might see at hogwarts.	wands
name something you might see at hogwarts.	owls
name something a father and son might spend the day doing together.	fishing
name something a father and son might spend the day doing together.	playing ball
name something a father and son might spend the day doing together.	hunting
name something a father and son might spend the day doing together.	watching sports
name a children's story featuring a witch.	hansel and gretel
name a children's story featuring a witch.	wizard of oz
name a children's story featuring a witch.	snow white
name a children's story featuring a witch.	sleeping beauty
name something you find in a bowl	fruit
name something you find in a bowl	fish
name something you find in a bowl	cereal
name something you find in a bowl	soup
name something you find in a bowl	pasta
name something you find in a bowl	salad
name a reason why a person might wear a hat.	bad hair day
name a reason why a person might wear a hat.	cold weather
name a reason why a person might wear a hat.	bald
name a reason why a person might wear a hat.	block sun
name a reason why a person might wear a hat.	rain
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	ring/jewelry
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	my body
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	drugs
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	my house
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	my car
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	my immortal soul
name something you'd never sell even if you were flat broke.	my children
name an actor who has won an oscar.	denzel washington
name an actor who has won an oscar.	tom hanks
name an actor who has won an oscar.	robert de niro
name an actor who has won an oscar.	jack nicholson
name an actor who has won an oscar.	clint eastwood
name an occupation of someone who might ask you to lie down.	doctors
name an occupation of someone who might ask you to lie down.	psychiatrist
name an occupation of someone who might ask you to lie down.	chiropractor
name an occupation of someone who might ask you to lie down.	massage therapist
name an occupation of someone who might ask you to lie down.	nurse
name someone you think has it all.	oprah winfrey
name someone you think has it all.	barbie
name someone you think has it all.	jennifer aniston
name someone you think has it all.	bill gates
name something found outdoors that people might collect.	rocks
name something found outdoors that people might collect.	sea shells
name something found outdoors that people might collect.	butterflies
name something found outdoors that people might collect.	leaf
name something found outdoors that people might collect.	flower
name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	brad and angelina
name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	romeo and juliet
name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	bonnie and clyde
name a famous couple you knew would have problems.	whitney and bobby
name something many people have trouble keeping.	money
name something many people have trouble keeping.	secrets
name something many people have trouble keeping.	promises
name something many people have trouble keeping.	spouse
name something many people have trouble keeping.	job
name something many people have trouble keeping.	track of time
name something campers hate to find in their sleeping bag.	snake
name something campers hate to find in their sleeping bag.	spider
name something campers hate to find in their sleeping bag.	skunk
name something campers hate to find in their sleeping bag.	sand
name something campers hate to find in their sleeping bag.	glass
name something people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it.	getting married
name something people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it.	buying a house
name something people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it.	having a fling
name something people have second thoughts about after they decide to do it.	buying a car
name something people put on their teeth.	toothpaste
name something people put on their teeth.	braces
name something people put on their teeth.	whitener
name something people put on their teeth.	caps
name a us state that gets a lot of sunshine.	florida
name a us state that gets a lot of sunshine.	california
name a us state that gets a lot of sunshine.	arizona
name a us state that gets a lot of sunshine.	texas
name something a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school.	parallel parking
name something a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school.	speeding
name something a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school.	highway
name something a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school.	u-turn
name something a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school.	driving
name something a student probably would not want to attempt the first day of driving school.	reversing
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	bonanza
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	jeopardy
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	cheers
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	mash
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	friends
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	bunch
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	brady bunch
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	the brady bunch
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	days
name a tv show that had a famous theme song.	happy days
name something you can't do when it is cold outside.	swimming
name something you can't do when it is cold outside.	sun tan
name something you can't do when it is cold outside.	wear shorts
name something you can't do when it is cold outside.	gardening
name something new parents might be afraid to do for the first time.	change diaper
name something new parents might be afraid to do for the first time.	hold baby
name something new parents might be afraid to do for the first time.	feed baby
name something new parents might be afraid to do for the first time.	bathe baby
name something new parents might be afraid to do for the first time.	go out
name something that gets carved.	pumpkins
name something that gets carved.	turkey
name something that gets carved.	wood
name something that gets carved.	initials
name something that gets carved.	stone
name something that gets carved.	ice
name something that gets carved.	roast
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	snakes
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	rats
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	mice
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	cat
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	lizard
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	piranha
name a pet some people keep that others would try to kill if they saw it in their house.	pigs
name something that has caused almost everyone to be late for work.	overslept/alarm
name something that has caused almost everyone to be late for work.	traffic/accident
name something that has caused almost everyone to be late for work.	car trouble
name something that has caused almost everyone to be late for work.	bad weather
name something that has caused almost everyone to be late for work.	phone call
name something that has caused almost everyone to be late for work.	problem w/ kids
name something you'd hate to call by the wrong name.	spouse
name something you'd hate to call by the wrong name.	friend
name something you'd hate to call by the wrong name.	boss
name something you'd hate to call by the wrong name.	pastor
name something you'd hate to call by the wrong name.	mother-in-law
name something you'd hate to call by the wrong name.	children
name something that makes mammals more unique than other animals.	warm bloded
name something that makes mammals more unique than other animals.	live birth
name something that makes mammals more unique than other animals.	hair for fur
name something that makes mammals more unique than other animals.	produce milk
name something that makes mammals more unique than other animals.	internal gestation
name a food you would find on a shish kebab.	beef
name a food you would find on a shish kebab.	bell peppers
name a food you would find on a shish kebab.	tomatoes
name a food you would find on a shish kebab.	onion
name a food you would find on a shish kebab.	chicken
name a food you would find on a shish kebab.	lamb
name a sign a little kid has been in a fight.	blackeye
name a sign a little kid has been in a fight.	crying
name a sign a little kid has been in a fight.	bloody nose
name a sign a little kid has been in a fight.	scratches
name a sign a little kid has been in a fight.	clothes ripped
name a sign a little kid has been in a fight.	dirty pants
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	trust worthy
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	sense of humor
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	kindness
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	loving
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	personality
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	money
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	looks
name something you look for in a potential spouse.	profession
name something you might take a motion sickness pill before doing.	flying
name something you might take a motion sickness pill before doing.	boating
name something you might take a motion sickness pill before doing.	driving
name something you might take a motion sickness pill before doing.	travelling
name something that attaches to a camera.	lens
name something that attaches to a camera.	flash
name a popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss.	heart
name a popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss.	flower
name a popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss.	mom
name a popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss.	butterfly
name a popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss.	angel
name a popular tattoo that you'd be shocked to see on a tough mob boss.	fairy
name something you could buy for a dollar.	candy
name something you could buy for a dollar.	soda pop
name something you could buy for a dollar.	gum
name something you could buy for a dollar.	hamburger
name something you could buy for a dollar.	newspaper
name a reason why your eyes might water up.	chopping onions
name a reason why your eyes might water up.	crying
name a reason why your eyes might water up.	allergies
name a reason why your eyes might water up.	sad
name a reason why your eyes might water up.	dirt in eyes
name a reason why your eyes might water up.	cold weather
name a place people like to bring a camera.	trip
name a place people like to bring a camera.	vacation
name a place people like to bring a camera.	zoo
name a place people like to bring a camera.	sporting event
name a place people like to bring a camera.	amusement park
name a place people like to bring a camera.	party
name a place people like to bring a camera.	wedding
name a place people like to bring a camera.	beach
name a place people like to bring a camera.	graduation
name something parents and teens have huge power struggles about.	curfew
name something parents and teens have huge power struggles about.	car
name something parents and teens have huge power struggles about.	money
name something parents and teens have huge power struggles about.	drugs
name something parents and teens have huge power struggles about.	sex/dating
name something parents and teens have huge power struggles about.	privacy
name a sport a lot of people bet on:	horse racing
name a sport a lot of people bet on:	football
name a sport a lot of people bet on:	boxing
name a sport a lot of people bet on:	dog racing
name the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	jail
name the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	at home
name the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	at work
name the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	hospital
name the worst place to celebrate valentine's day.	bars
name a hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head.	monkey
name a hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head.	cat
name a hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head.	dog
name a hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head.	raccoon
name a hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head.	ferret
name a hairy animal a bald man might train to sit on his head.	beaver
name a modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without.	cell phone/phone
name a modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without.	computer/internet
name a modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without.	television
name a modern convenience most teenagers think they couldn't live without.	car
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	make request
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	for prizes
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	for tickets
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	win money
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	contest
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	dedication
name a reason a person might call into a radio show.	desperate
name a place where it's important for children to sit still.	church
name a place where it's important for children to sit still.	dentist
name a place where it's important for children to sit still.	school
name a place where it's important for children to sit still.	restaurant
name a place where it's important for children to sit still.	barber shop
name a place where it's important for children to sit still.	movie
name a slang term for 'underpants'.	undies
name a slang term for 'underpants'.	knickers
name a slang term for 'underpants'.	pants
name a slang term for 'underpants'.	jocks
name a country in the middle east.	iraq
name a country in the middle east.	iran
name a country in the middle east.	israel
name a country in the middle east.	saudi arabia
name a country in the middle east.	egypt
name a country in the middle east.	afghanistan
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	pay bills/taxes
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	getting married
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	doctor/dentist
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	housework
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	dying/will
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	lose weight/diet
name something some people postpone doing for as long as possible.	work/career
name the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery.	house
name the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery.	car
name the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery.	travel
name the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery.	debts
name the first thing you would spend money on if you won the lottery.	children
name something that school children need to memorize the words to.	pledge/ allegiance
name something that school children need to memorize the words to.	national anthem
name something that school children need to memorize the words to.	abc song
name a popular dish made with ground meat.	meatloaf
name a popular dish made with ground meat.	spaghetti
name a popular dish made with ground meat.	taco
name a popular dish made with ground meat.	sloppy joes
name a popular dish made with ground meat.	hamburgers
name something that might be stolen from your car.	stereo
name something that might be stolen from your car.	gps
name something that might be stolen from your car.	cds
name something that might be stolen from your car.	money
name something that might be stolen from your car.	cell phone
name something that might be stolen from your car.	laptop
name something you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street.	people/muggers
name something you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street.	cars/traffic
name something you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street.	dog poop
name something you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street.	potholes/cracks
name something you have to watch out for when you're walking down the street.	dogs/animals
name something kids might collect from the sand on a beach.	shells
name something kids might collect from the sand on a beach.	sand
name something kids might collect from the sand on a beach.	rocks
name something you do not learn at school.	good manners
name something you do not learn at school.	common sense
name something you do not learn at school.	housework
name something you do not learn at school.	religion
name something you do not learn at school.	parenting
name something you do not learn at school.	walking
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with.	jewelry
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with.	car/truck
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with.	money
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with.	pet
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with.	tv
name a possession of yours they'd never try to bury you with.	computer
name a place where a lot of people wear sunglasses.	beach
name a place where a lot of people wear sunglasses.	california
name a place where a lot of people wear sunglasses.	amusement park
name a place where a lot of people wear sunglasses.	concerts
name a place where a lot of people wear sunglasses.	florida
name a place where a lot of people wear sunglasses.	outside
name something you think some people let grow way too long.	hair
name something you think some people let grow way too long.	nails
name something you think some people let grow way too long.	grass
name something you think some people let grow way too long.	ivy
name something you might see at a circus.	send us your answers!
name something you might see at a circus.	clowns
name something you might see at a circus.	cotton candy
name something people bungee jump off of.	bridge
name something people bungee jump off of.	cliffs
name something people bungee jump off of.	buildings
name something people bungee jump off of.	mountain
name something people bungee jump off of.	tower
name a magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life.	cosmopolitan
name a magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life.	playboy
name a magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life.	people
name a magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life.	redbook
name a magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life.	essence
name a magazine that gives people tips on improving their sex life.	ebony
name something that happens during most church services.	prayer
name something that happens during most church services.	singing
name something that happens during most church services.	offering
name something that happens during most church services.	sermon
name something men lose interest in when they fall in love.	other women
name something men lose interest in when they fall in love.	friends
name something men lose interest in when they fall in love.	sports
name something men lose interest in when they fall in love.	going out
name something men lose interest in when they fall in love.	hobbies
name something men lose interest in when they fall in love.	appearance
name an instance where two macho men might hug one another.	sporting event
name an instance where two macho men might hug one another.	wedding
name an instance where two macho men might hug one another.	family reunion
name an instance where two macho men might hug one another.	funeral
name an instance where two macho men might hug one another.	new father
name something that mothers pass down to their daughters.	jewelry
name something that mothers pass down to their daughters.	advice/wisdom
name something that mothers pass down to their daughters.	clothes
name something that mothers pass down to their daughters.	looks/genes
name something that mothers pass down to their daughters.	cooking/recipes
name something people like doing when listening to music.	cleaning
name something people like doing when listening to music.	exercising
name something people like doing when listening to music.	singing
name something people like doing when listening to music.	gardening
name something people like doing when listening to music.	eating
name something people like doing when listening to music.	dancing
name something people like doing when listening to music.	driving
name something children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons.	talk out loud
name something children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons.	cry
name something children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons.	scream
name something children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons.	run in aisles
name something children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons.	throw stuff
name something children do at the movies that irritates the older patrons.	kick seats
name something that takes you where you want to go.	car
name something that takes you where you want to go.	airplane
name something that takes you where you want to go.	taxi
name something that takes you where you want to go.	bus
name something that takes you where you want to go.	train
name something that takes you where you want to go.	feet
name something that takes you where you want to go.	limousine
name someone who works outdoors.	construction worker
name someone who works outdoors.	gardner
name someone who works outdoors.	farmer
name someone who works outdoors.	forest ranger
name someone who works outdoors.	police officer
name someone who works outdoors.	firefighter
name someone who works outdoors.	game warden
name an animal that can kill with its bite.	snake
name an animal that can kill with its bite.	tiger
name an animal that can kill with its bite.	lion
name an animal that can kill with its bite.	bear
name an animal that can kill with its bite.	shark
name an animal that can kill with its bite.	alligator/croc.
name an animal with only three letters in its name.	cat
name an animal with only three letters in its name.	dog
name an animal with only three letters in its name.	pig
name an animal with only three letters in its name.	elk
name an animal with only three letters in its name.	ape
name someone famous who's in jail.	o.j. simpson
name someone famous who's in jail.	bernard mado
name someone famous who's in jail.	charles manson
name someone famous who's in jail.	phil spector
name someone famous who's in jail.	redmond o'neal
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	fruit
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	gossip/news
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	steak/meat
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	lips/kiss
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	gum
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	turkey
name something that might be referred to as juicy.	person
name something people are always looking for but rarely ever find.	true love
name something people are always looking for but rarely ever find.	money
name something people are always looking for but rarely ever find.	gold
name something people are always looking for but rarely ever find.	happiness
name a place where you get chewed out a lot.	work
name a place where you get chewed out a lot.	school/principal
name a place where you get chewed out a lot.	home/bedroom
name a place where you get chewed out a lot.	doctor's office
name a place where you get chewed out a lot.	in military
name a place where you get chewed out a lot.	court
name a kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money.	casino
name a kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money.	mall
name a kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money.	disney land
name a kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money.	fair
name a kind of place that's not much fun to go to unless you have a lot of spending money.	new york city
name something you'd hate to discover had expired.	driver's license
name something you'd hate to discover had expired.	milk
name something you'd hate to discover had expired.	credit card
name something you'd hate to discover had expired.	insurance
name something you'd hate to discover had expired.	car registration
name something you'd hate to discover had expired.	my own life
name something you get rid of when it doesn't work properly.	television
name something you get rid of when it doesn't work properly.	pen
name something you get rid of when it doesn't work properly.	toaster
name something you get rid of when it doesn't work properly.	remote
name something you get rid of when it doesn't work properly.	can opener
name something you get rid of when it doesn't work properly.	coffee pot
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	trunk
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	ears
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	tusks
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	size
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	smell
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	tail
name something about a male elephant that a female elephant might find attractive.	eyes
name a holiday that is not celebrated in the united states.	cinco de mayo
name a holiday that is not celebrated in the united states.	chinese new year
name a holiday that is not celebrated in the united states.	canada day
name a holiday that is not celebrated in the united states.	day of the dead
name a holiday that is not celebrated in the united states.	bastille day
name a reason you get butterflies in your stomach.	wedding
name a reason you get butterflies in your stomach.	going on a date
name a reason you get butterflies in your stomach.	job interview
name a reason you get butterflies in your stomach.	public speaking
name a reason you get butterflies in your stomach.	roller coaster
name something babies do many times a day.	cry
name something babies do many times a day.	poop/diaper
name something babies do many times a day.	eat
name something babies do many times a day.	sleep
name something people try to sneak a peek through.	windows
name something people try to sneak a peek through.	presents
name something people try to sneak a peek through.	key holes
name something people try to sneak a peek through.	curtains
name a hobby a retiree might have.	golfing
name a hobby a retiree might have.	fishing
name a hobby a retiree might have.	gardening
name a hobby a retiree might have.	bingo
name a hobby a retiree might have.	knitting
name a fruit that people can cook.	apples
name a fruit that people can cook.	tomatoes
name a fruit that people can cook.	pineapples
name a fruit that people can cook.	bananas
name a fruit that people can cook.	peaches
name something women like to watch men do.	play sports
name something women like to watch men do.	exercise/swim
name something women like to watch men do.	housework/chores
name something women like to watch men do.	shave
name something women like to watch men do.	dance
name a rock star who's older than the president of the united states.	mick jagger
name a rock star who's older than the president of the united states.	tina turner
name a rock star who's older than the president of the united states.	steven tyler
name a rock star who's older than the president of the united states.	ozzy osbourne
name a rock star who's older than the president of the united states.	paul mccartney
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	planes
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	birds
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	power lines
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	clouds
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	chimneys
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	trees
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	meteors
name something santa claus has to look out for when he's flying in his sleigh.	building
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	baseball
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	football
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	volleyball
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	tennis
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	basketball
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	golf
name a sport you might play on a summer day.	soccer
name something you'd skip if you were late for work.	breakfast/coffee
name something you'd skip if you were late for work.	taking shower
name something you'd skip if you were late for work.	answering phone
name something you'd skip if you were late for work.	brushing teeth
name something you'd skip if you were late for work.	news/newspaper
name something you'd skip if you were late for work.	putting on makeup
name a country known for good-looking men.	united states
name a country known for good-looking men.	italy
name a country known for good-looking men.	france
name a country known for good-looking men.	sweden
name a country known for good-looking men.	spain
name a country known for good-looking men.	mexico
name something people hate to find in their house.	bugs
name something people hate to find in their house.	mice
name something people hate to find in their house.	burglar
name something people hate to find in their house.	dirt
name something people hate to find in their house.	trash
name something people hate to find in their house.	animal droppings
name something kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in.	music
name something kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in.	clothes
name something kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in.	food
name something kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in.	tv shows
name something kids and their parents usually don't share the same taste in.	movies
name a wild animal found in the u.s.	bears
name a wild animal found in the u.s.	wolves
name a wild animal found in the u.s.	mountain lions
name a wild animal found in the u.s.	deer
name a wild animal found in the u.s.	foxes
name a genre of music you think a pirate might like.	hip hop
name a genre of music you think a pirate might like.	rock and roll
name a genre of music you think a pirate might like.	country
name a genre of music you think a pirate might like.	jazz
name a genre of music you think a pirate might like.	pop
name a genre of music you think a pirate might like.	heavy metal
name a place you see more kids than adults:	school
name a place you see more kids than adults:	park
name a place you see more kids than adults:	video arcade
name a place you see more kids than adults:	amusement park
name a place you see more kids than adults:	concerts
name a place you see more kids than adults:	swimming pool
name a place you see more kids than adults:	circus
name a place you see more kids than adults:	movie theater
name a place you see more kids than adults:	skating rink
name something little boys pretend to be:	cowboys
name something little boys pretend to be:	police
name something little boys pretend to be:	firefighters
name something little boys pretend to be:	superman
name something little boys pretend to be:	soldiers
name something little boys pretend to be:	their fathers
name something little boys pretend to be:	astronauts
name something little boys pretend to be:	athletes
name a kind of key teenagers have:	house
name a kind of key teenagers have:	car
name a kind of key teenagers have:	locker
name a kind of key teenagers have:	diary
name something people look forward to a change of.	weather
name something people look forward to a change of.	season
name something people look forward to a change of.	scenery
name something people look forward to a change of.	job
name something people look forward to a change of.	president
name something people look forward to a change of.	pace
name something people look forward to a change of.	finances
name something people look forward to a change of.	clothes
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	restroom
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	bar
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	library
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	fast food restaurant
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	workplace
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	mall
name a public place where only the world's least romantic guy would propose.	sports game
name something specific you'd hate to find mold on.	food/milk
name something specific you'd hate to find mold on.	your body
name something specific you'd hate to find mold on.	bathtub/tiles
name something specific you'd hate to find mold on.	clothes
name something specific you'd hate to find mold on.	walls
name a foreign country whose films are popular in america.	france
name a foreign country whose films are popular in america.	england
name a foreign country whose films are popular in america.	italy
name a foreign country whose films are popular in america.	japan
name a foreign country whose films are popular in america.	mexico
name something that makes strange sounds when it gets old.	car
name something that makes strange sounds when it gets old.	person
name something that makes strange sounds when it gets old.	refrigerator
name something that makes strange sounds when it gets old.	door
name something that makes strange sounds when it gets old.	pet
name something that happens to you when you get very angry.	yell/shout
name something that happens to you when you get very angry.	blood pressure up
name something that happens to you when you get very angry.	face turns red
name something that happens to you when you get very angry.	cry/tear up
name something that happens to you when you get very angry.	quiet/can't speak
name a red fruit.	strawberry
name a red fruit.	cherry
name a red fruit.	pomegranate
name a red fruit.	apple
name something in your house you have never cleaned under.	stove/oven
name something in your house you have never cleaned under.	refrigerator
name something in your house you have never cleaned under.	bed
name something in your house you have never cleaned under.	couch
name something in your house you have never cleaned under.	television
name something in your house you have never cleaned under.	sink
name a country in africa.	kenya
name a country in africa.	egypt
name a country in africa.	zimbabwe
name a country in africa.	south africa
name a country in africa.	nigeria
name a country in africa.	ethiopia
name something people always have to cut.	hair
name something people always have to cut.	grass
name something people always have to cut.	paper
name something people always have to cut.	meat
name something people always have to cut.	nails
name a sport in which the term "slam" is used.	basketball
name a sport in which the term "slam" is used.	baseball
name a sport in which the term "slam" is used.	tennis
name a sport in which the term "slam" is used.	hockey
name a sport in which the term "slam" is used.	wrestling
name a doctor's order people never take seriously.	weight
name a doctor's order people never take seriously.	plenty of rest
name a doctor's order people never take seriously.	medicine
name a doctor's order people never take seriously.	get exercise
name a doctor's order people never take seriously.	call him next day
name a monster who just wanted to be loved.	king kong
name a monster who just wanted to be loved.	shrek
name a monster who just wanted to be loved.	frankenstein
name a monster who just wanted to be loved.	incredible hulk
name a reason an actor would refuse a role.	bad pay
name a reason an actor would refuse a role.	nudity
name a reason an actor would refuse a role.	bad movie/role
name a reason an actor would refuse a role.	scheduling conflict
name something that costs more money if you have a daughter instead of a son.	wedding
name something that costs more money if you have a daughter instead of a son.	clothing
name something you might have on your lap.	children
name something you might have on your lap.	laptop
name something you might have on your lap.	dogs
name something you might have on your lap.	cats
name something you might have on your lap.	napkins
name something you might have on your lap.	blankets
name something a track coach might carry with him.	stopwatch
name something a track coach might carry with him.	whistle
name something a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him.	wallet/money
name something a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him.	keys
name something a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him.	cell phone
name something a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him.	glasses
name something a husband asks his wife to carry in her purse for him.	gun
name something you wear around your neck.	necklace
name something you wear around your neck.	scarf
name something you wear around your neck.	tie
name something you wear around your neck.	whistle
name a place you wouldn't want to be stuck with someone who has a cold.	elevator
name a place you wouldn't want to be stuck with someone who has a cold.	house/bed
name a place you wouldn't want to be stuck with someone who has a cold.	dr.'s/hospital
name a place you wouldn't want to be stuck with someone who has a cold.	car
name a place you wouldn't want to be stuck with someone who has a cold.	airplane
name something people donate that can save a life	organ
name something people donate that can save a life	blood
name something you buy that's disposable.	diapers
name something you buy that's disposable.	razors
name something you buy that's disposable.	paper plates
name something you buy that's disposable.	garbage bags
name a word that describes your dream job.	lucrative
name a word that describes your dream job.	easy
name something you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present.	jewelry
name something you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present.	flowers
name something you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present.	card
name something you buy a spouse for a wedding anniversary present.	watch
name an excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church.	too tired
name an excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church.	watching sports
name an excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church.	sick/in pain
name an excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church.	work around home
name an excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church.	not religious
name an excuse a husband gives for not going with his wife to church.	church is boring
name something people buy with the future in mind:	house
name something people buy with the future in mind:	stocks
name something people buy with the future in mind:	insurance
name something people buy with the future in mind:	furniture
name something people buy with the future in mind:	car
name a part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip.	brush teeth
name a part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip.	showering
name a part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip.	washing hair
name a part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip.	deodorant
name a part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip.	flossing teeth
name a part of your daily personal hygiene routine that you sometimes skip.	washing face
name something your kids get excited about long before it happens.	christmas
name something your kids get excited about long before it happens.	birthday
name something your kids get excited about long before it happens.	trip
name something your kids get excited about long before it happens.	start/end of school
name something you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home.	lobster
name something you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home.	steak
name something you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home.	fish
name something you order at a restaurant because you rarely cook it at home.	french fries
name something you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired.	watch tv
name something you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired.	read
name something you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired.	eat
name something you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired.	use bathroom
name something you do when you wake up in the middle of the night and you are not tired.	internet
name a position that most companies have.	ceo
name a position that most companies have.	manager
name a position that most companies have.	secretary
name a position that most companies have.	human resources
name something people have to be taught to hold correctly.	silverware
name something people have to be taught to hold correctly.	baby
name something people have to be taught to hold correctly.	pencil
name something people have to be taught to hold correctly.	chopsticks
name something people have to be taught to hold correctly.	scissors
name something that some people are afraid to ride on or in.	airplane
name something that some people are afraid to ride on or in.	motorcycle
name something that some people are afraid to ride on or in.	roller coaster
name something that some people are afraid to ride on or in.	horse
name something that some people are afraid to ride on or in.	boat
name something that some people are afraid to ride on or in.	elevator
name a public place where it's ok to scream.	amusement park
name a public place where it's ok to scream.	rock concert
name a public place where it's ok to scream.	playground
name a public place where it's ok to scream.	movie theater
name a public place where it's ok to scream.	sports event
name a public place where it's ok to scream.	spookhouse
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	apply makeup
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	foundation
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	rouge
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	lipstick
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	lotion
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	put on makeup
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	makeup
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	mascara
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	moisturizer
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	skin care
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	face soap
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	eyeliner
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	soap
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	blush
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	cover up
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	cosmetics
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	cream
name something women love to do in the ladies room.	eyeshadow
name a trick that people teach their pets.	sit
name a trick that people teach their pets.	roll over
name a trick that people teach their pets.	fetch
name a trick that people teach their pets.	shake
name a trick that people teach their pets.	stay
name a trick that people teach their pets.	play dead
name a type of music that's hard to dance to.	rap
name a type of music that's hard to dance to.	heavy metal
name a type of music that's hard to dance to.	classical
name a type of music that's hard to dance to.	rock and roll
name a type of music that's hard to dance to.	opera
name a type of music that's hard to dance to.	jazz
name something that can do a lot of damage to a home.	water
name something that can do a lot of damage to a home.	fire
name something that can do a lot of damage to a home.	termites
name something that can do a lot of damage to a home.	arguing
name something that can do a lot of damage to a home.	pets
name something that can do a lot of damage to a home.	burglar
name an animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales.	horses
name an animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales.	wolves
name an animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales.	dragons
name an animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales.	rabbits
name an animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales.	mice
name an animal that appears in a lot of fairy tales.	bears
name the worst place to accidentally fall asleep.	car
name the worst place to accidentally fall asleep.	work
name the worst place to accidentally fall asleep.	bus
name the worst place to accidentally fall asleep.	church
name someone you might be nervous about meeting for the first time	in laws
name someone you might be nervous about meeting for the first time	blind date
name someone you might be nervous about meeting for the first time	the president
name someone you might be nervous about meeting for the first time	boss
name a place where you see lots of joggers.	park
name a place where you see lots of joggers.	beach
name a reason a customer might choose one gas station over another.	gas price
name a reason a customer might choose one gas station over another.	convenient
name a reason a customer might choose one gas station over another.	location
name a reason a customer might choose one gas station over another.	service
name a reason a customer might choose one gas station over another.	better gas
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	comfortable beds
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	comfortable showers
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	tv
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	movie theater
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	free food
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	free internet
name something you wish airports had for when you're stuck on a long layover.	arcades
name something you would buy for your cat.	catnip
name something you would buy for your cat.	litter box
name something you would buy for your cat.	cat food
name something you would buy for your cat.	yarn
name something you would buy for your cat.	ball
name something a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call.	stethescope
name something a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call.	thermometer
name something a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call.	blood pressure cuff
name something a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call.	pills
name something a doctor carries in his bag when making a house call.	tongue depressor
name something that has a needle.	sewing machine
name something that has a needle.	syringe
name something that has a needle.	record player
name something that has a needle.	tattoo machine
name something that has a needle.	odometer
name something that has a needle.	tree
name something that people think is a man's job.	taking out trash
name something that people think is a man's job.	mowing lawn
name something that people think is a man's job.	breadwinner
name something that people think is a man's job.	maintain cars
name something that people think is a man's job.	construction
name something that people think is a man's job.	us president
name something people think they can get away with if they are rich.	breaking law
name something people think they can get away with if they are rich.	being rude
name something people think they can get away with if they are rich.	not paying taxes
name something people think they can get away with if they are rich.	cheating
name something that causes traffic jams.	accidents
name something that causes traffic jams.	many cars
name something that causes traffic jams.	pedestrians
name something that causes traffic jams.	bad weather
name something that causes traffic jams.	bad
name something that causes traffic jams.	broken street light
name something you'd find on a person's arm:	watch
name something you'd find on a person's arm:	tattoo
name something you'd find on a person's arm:	hair
name something you'd find on a person's arm:	sleeve
name something you'd find on a person's arm:	bracelet
name something you'd find on a person's arm:	freckles
name something that is driven by the wind.	windmill
name something that is driven by the wind.	sailboat
name something that is driven by the wind.	kite
name something that is driven by the wind.	leaves
name something that is driven by the wind.	air balloon
name something that is driven by the wind.	fan
name an insect most people find harmless.	ants
name an insect most people find harmless.	fly
name an insect most people find harmless.	lady bug
name an insect most people find harmless.	roly poly
name an insect most people find harmless.	caterpillar
name an insect most people find harmless.	daddy longlegs
name an insect most people find harmless.	butterfly
name an insect most people find harmless.	earthwarm
name something in bed you might fall asleep while holding.	pillow
name something in bed you might fall asleep while holding.	book
name something in bed you might fall asleep while holding.	remote control
name something in bed you might fall asleep while holding.	stuffed animal
name something in bed you might fall asleep while holding.	telephone
name an animal that has whiskers.	cat
name an animal that has whiskers.	lion
name an animal that has whiskers.	walrus
name an animal that has whiskers.	seal
name an animal that has whiskers.	tiger
name an event where you see proud parents.	graduation
name an event where you see proud parents.	pop warner fo..
name an event where you see proud parents.	school play
name an event where you see proud parents.	dance recital
name an event where you see proud parents.	little league
name an event where you see proud parents.	birth
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	cheesecake
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	tort
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	cupcake
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	cake
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	piece of cake
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	orzo
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	rice
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	napkins
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	serviettes
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	paper towels
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	blossoms
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	roses
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	marigolds
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	lilies
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	flowers
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	blooms
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	bouquets
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	chrysanthemums
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	daisies
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	dried flowers
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	tulips
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	cornucopia
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	decoration
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	centerpiece
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	ornament
name something people bring home with them from a wedding.	table ornament
name something you might take mountain climbing.	rope
name something you might take mountain climbing.	water
name something you might take mountain climbing.	backpack
name something you might take mountain climbing.	boots
name something you might take mountain climbing.	first aid kit
name a kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess.	tag
name a kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess.	kick ball
name a kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess.	monkey bars
name a kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess.	swings
name a kids game that an over-caffeinated teacher might be tempted to join at recess.	jump rope
name something you might freeze.	water
name something you might freeze.	meat
name something you might freeze.	ice cream
name something you might freeze.	popsicle
name something you might freeze.	drinks
name something you might freeze.	leftovers
name something parents regret buying for their children.	toys
name something parents regret buying for their children.	video games
name something parents regret buying for their children.	car
name something parents regret buying for their children.	musical instrument
name something parents regret buying for their children.	candy
name something parents regret buying for their children.	computers
name a word children often mispronounce.	spaghetti
name a word children often mispronounce.	grandma
name a word children often mispronounce.	mississippi
name a word children often mispronounce.	school
name a word children often mispronounce.	truck
name something specific a kid might have to stay after school to do.	detention
name something specific a kid might have to stay after school to do.	homework
name something specific a kid might have to stay after school to do.	clean
name something specific a kid might have to stay after school to do.	sports
name something specific a kid might have to stay after school to do.	band
name something that lays a really big egg.	ostrich
name something that lays a really big egg.	chicken
name something that lays a really big egg.	goose
name something that lays a really big egg.	emu
name something that lays a really big egg.	eagle
name something a wife tells her husband he needs to change.	clothes
name something a wife tells her husband he needs to change.	attitude
name something a wife tells her husband he needs to change.	hair
name something a wife tells her husband he needs to change.	staying out late
name something a wife tells her husband he needs to change.	eating habits
name something a wife tells her husband he needs to change.	job
name one of the basic necessities of life.	food
name one of the basic necessities of life.	water
name one of the basic necessities of life.	air
name one of the basic necessities of life.	love
name one of the basic necessities of life.	shelter
name one of the basic necessities of life.	health
name something a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing.	buying shoes
name something a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing.	dancing
name something a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing.	walking
name something a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing.	running
name something a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing.	jumping rope
name something a person with overly large feet might have a hard time doing.	putting shoes on
name something you fill with air.	balloons
name something you fill with air.	tires
name something you fill with air.	lungs
name something you fill with air.	air mattress
name something you fill with air.	basketball
name an animal whose legs you eat.	chicken
name an animal whose legs you eat.	frog
name an animal whose legs you eat.	lamb
name an animal whose legs you eat.	pig
name an animal whose legs you eat.	turkey
name an animal whose legs you eat.	rabbit
name an animal whose legs you eat.	crab
name something you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade.	floats
name something you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade.	santa
name something you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade.	turkey
name something you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade.	balloons
name something you might see in the macy's thanksgiving day parade.	marching band
name a holiday in the summer time.	fourth of july
name a holiday in the summer time.	memorial day
name a holiday in the summer time.	labor day
name a holiday in the summer time.	father's day
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	brain
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	arm
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	foot
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	leg
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	heart
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	hand
name a part of the average person's body that weighs 3 pounds.	stomach
name something that makes people sneeze.	pepper
name something that makes people sneeze.	pollen
name something that makes people sneeze.	dust
name something that makes people sneeze.	ragweed
name something that makes people sneeze.	colds
name an activity that makes people tired.	running
name an activity that makes people tired.	working
name an activity that makes people tired.	romance
name an activity that makes people tired.	exercise
name an activity that makes people tired.	chores
name something that most people can usually tell is a fake.	toupee
name something that most people can usually tell is a fake.	breasts
name something that most people can usually tell is a fake.	fingernails
name something that most people can usually tell is a fake.	jewelry
name something that most people can usually tell is a fake.	smile
name something that most people can usually tell is a fake.	money
name an occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism.	politics
name an occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism.	lawyer
name an occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism.	customer service
name an occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism.	telemarketer
name an occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism.	actor
name an occupation whose members must get used to taking a lot of criticism.	police officer
name something that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates.	car
name something that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates.	money
name something that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates.	house
name something that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates.	clothing
name something that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates.	toys
name something that a rich kid might brag about to his schoolmates.	rich parents
name something in your home that's used when you entertain company.	tv
name something in your home that's used when you entertain company.	stereo
name something in your home that's used when you entertain company.	chinaware
name something in your home that's used when you entertain company.	coffee pot
name something in your home that's used when you entertain company.	kitchen
name something in your home that's used when you entertain company.	glasses
name a european country.	england
name a european country.	italy
name a european country.	france
name a european country.	germany
name a european country.	spain
name something you can read from.	book
name something you can read from.	e reader
name something you can read from.	dictionary
name something you can read from.	computer
name something you can read from.	ipad
name something you can read from.	phone
name something a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert.	cake
name something a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert.	mosquito
name something a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert.	ice cream
name something a supermodel would probably never eat for dessert.	pie
name a part of their bodies that people complain is too big.	bottom
name a part of their bodies that people complain is too big.	nose
name a part of their bodies that people complain is too big.	head
name a part of their bodies that people complain is too big.	abdomen
name a part of their bodies that people complain is too big.	feet
name a part of their bodies that people complain is too big.	thighs
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	talk on phone
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	drink/eat
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	make out/sex
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	put on makeup
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	read
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	blast music
name something it should be against the law for people to do in cars.	give finger
name a tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime.	disney land
name a tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime.	grand canyon
name a tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime.	eiffel tower
name a tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime.	niagara falls
name a tourist attraction that most americans want to visit at least once in their lifetime.	statue of liberty
name something you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater.	talking
name something you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater.	smooching
name something you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater.	texting
name something you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater.	flatulence
name something you'd get a dirty look for doing in the movie theater.	snoring
name a city in which you would love to live.	new york
name a city in which you would love to live.	miami
name a city in which you would love to live.	las vegas
name a city in which you would love to live.	orlando
name a city in which you would love to live.	chicago
name a city in which you would love to live.	los angeles
name something that reminds you of san francisco.	trolley/cable car
name something that reminds you of san francisco.	golden gate brdg.
name something that reminds you of san francisco.	rice-a-roni
name something that reminds you of san francisco.	fog
name something that reminds you of san francisco.	hills
name a city where lots of rich people live.	new york
name a city where lots of rich people live.	los angeles
name a city where lots of rich people live.	miami
name a city where lots of rich people live.	las vegas
name a city where lots of rich people live.	beverly hills
name a feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago.	remote control
name a feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago.	color
name a feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago.	cable
name a feature television sets have today they did not have fifty years ago.	dvd
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	basketball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	football
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	baseball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	tennis ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	bowling ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	soccer ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	beach ball
name a type of ball you would be surprised to see a golfer tee off with.	ping pong ball
name something you see in the sky.	clouds
name something you see in the sky.	stars
name something you see in the sky.	the sun
name something you see in the sky.	birds
name something you see in the sky.	airplanes
name a kitchen utensil you could not live without.	kitchen knives
name a kitchen utensil you could not live without.	spoon
name a kitchen utensil you could not live without.	microwave
name a kitchen utensil you could not live without.	coffee pots
name a "blonde bombshell" of today:	loni anderson
name a "blonde bombshell" of today:	madonna
name a "blonde bombshell" of today:	suzanne somers
name a "blonde bombshell" of today:	vanna white
name a "blonde bombshell" of today:	cybill shepherd
name a "blonde bombshell" of today:	dolly parton
name something you need if you want to play tennis.	racquet
name something you need if you want to play tennis.	ball
name something you need if you want to play tennis.	shoes
name something you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case.	spare tire
name something you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case.	jumper cables
name something you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case.	first-aid kit
name something you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case.	blanket
name something you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case.	flashlight
name something you should keep in the trunk of your car, just in case.	tools
name an animal you might see in the forest.	deer
name an animal you might see in the forest.	bears
name an animal you might see in the forest.	foxes
name an animal you might see in the forest.	birds
name a televised event that people throw parties to watch.	superbowl
name a televised event that people throw parties to watch.	super bowl
name a televised event that people throw parties to watch.	world series
name a televised event that people throw parties to watch.	awards show
name a televised event that people throw parties to watch.	new year's eve
name a sign that a couple is really in love.	kissing
name a sign that a couple is really in love.	hold hands
name a sign that a couple is really in love.	married
name a sign that a couple is really in love.	smiling
name a sign that a couple is really in love.	always together
name something a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete.	gym
name something a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete.	determination
name something a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete.	diet food
name something a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete.	good-looking...
name something a man would need to go from beached whale to ironman athlete.	running shoes
name something a guy might rent for a special date.	limo
name something a guy might rent for a special date.	car
name something a guy might rent for a special date.	tuxedo
name something a guy might rent for a special date.	hotel room
name something a guy might rent for a special date.	spa
name something that begins with "feel the ____".	heat
name something that begins with "feel the ____".	love
name something that begins with "feel the ____".	burn
name something that begins with "feel the ____".	rhythm
name something that begins with "feel the ____".	beat
name something that begins with "feel the ____".	breeze
name something people wear when they want to dress casual.	jeans
name something you might wash in the sink.	dishes
name something you might wash in the sink.	clothes
name something you might wash in the sink.	babies
name something you might wash in the sink.	vegetables
name a way you can tell if someone has a crush on you.	smiling
name a way you can tell if someone has a crush on you.	blushing
name a way you can tell if someone has a crush on you.	laughing
name a way you can tell if someone has a crush on you.	flirting
name a word people use in the stock market.	buy
name a word people use in the stock market.	sell
name a word people use in the stock market.	bullish
name a word people use in the stock market.	raising up
name a word people use in the stock market.	dow jones
name a word people use in the stock market.	yes
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	casino
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	brothel
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	bar
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	hotel
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	strip joint
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	restaurant
name a type of business that flourishes in a gambling town.	pawn shop
name something people use to carry water:	bucket
name something people use to carry water:	canteen
name something people use to carry water:	thermos
name something people use to carry water:	jug
name something people use to carry water:	bottle
name something people use to carry water:	pitcher
name something people use to carry water:	glass
name something that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested.	handcuffed
name something that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested.	read rights
name something that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested.	fingerprinted
name something that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested.	mug shot
name something that's routinely done to a person when he's arrested.	questioned
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	milk cow
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	plant
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	drive tractor
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	fix tractor
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	use computer
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	read
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	ride horse
name something a farmer might be embarrassed to say he doesn't know how to do.	mow lawn
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	doctor
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	lawyer
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	restaurant owner
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	dentist
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	painter/artist
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	supermarket owner
name an occupation you'd like to have in the family.	gardener
name a famous james bond villain.	goldfinger
name a famous james bond villain.	dr. no
name a famous james bond villain.	jaws
name a famous james bond villain.	odd job
name something that begins with "the real".	world
name something that begins with "the real".	mccoy
name something that begins with "the real".	deal
name something that begins with "the real".	thing
name something that begins with "the real".	life
name something that begins with "the real".	steele
name something you never forget how to do.	ride a bike
name something you never forget how to do.	tie shoes
name something you never forget how to do.	drive
name something you never forget how to do.	walk
name something you never forget how to do.	cook
name something you never forget how to do.	talk
name a planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it.	saturn
name a planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it.	earth
name a planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it.	mars
name a planet you would recognize just by looking at a picture of it.	jupiter
name a kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man.	auto mechanic
name a kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man.	plumber
name a kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man.	carpenter/roofer
name a kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man.	washing machine
name a kind of repairman who might be more tempted to cheat a woman than he would a man.	refrigerator
name a food people stir while it's cooking.	soup
name a food people stir while it's cooking.	sauce
name a food people stir while it's cooking.	pasta
name a food people stir while it's cooking.	rice
name a food people stir while it's cooking.	hot cereal
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	edsel
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	studebaker
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	desoto
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	packard
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	nash
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	hudson
name a make of car no longer manufactured:	model t
name a sport they often make movies about.	football
name a sport they often make movies about.	baseball
name a sport they often make movies about.	basketball
name a sport they often make movies about.	skiing
name a food that's served at a japanese restaurant.	sushi
name a food that's served at a japanese restaurant.	rice
name a food that's served at a japanese restaurant.	fish
name a food that's served at a japanese restaurant.	egg roll
name a food that's served at a japanese restaurant.	miso soup
name a food that's served at a japanese restaurant.	teriyaki
name something a person might be chasing.	dog/pet
name something a person might be chasing.	dream
name something a person might be chasing.	love interest
name something a person might be chasing.	bus
name something a person might be chasing.	child
name something a person might be chasing.	money
name a movie that won many academy awards.	titanic
name a movie that won many academy awards.	gone w/ the wind
name a movie that won many academy awards.	lord of the rings
name a movie that won many academy awards.	sound of music
name a movie that won many academy awards.	forrest gump
name the glue that holds most marriages together.	trust/honesty
name the glue that holds most marriages together.	communication
name the glue that holds most marriages together.	love
name the glue that holds most marriages together.	religion/faith
name the glue that holds most marriages together.	children/family
name the glue that holds most marriages together.	money
name something done in bare feet.	swimming
name something done in bare feet.	walking on the beach
name something done in bare feet.	yoga
name something done in bare feet.	beach volleyball
name something done in bare feet.	showering
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	hawaii
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	honolulu
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	niagara falls
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	falls
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	jamaica
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	nassau
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	bahamas
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	mexico
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	cancun
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	las vegas
name a place people go on their honeymoon.	vegas
name something you measure with.	ruler
name something you measure with.	tape measure
name something you measure with.	yard stick
name something you measure with.	measuring cup
name something you measure with.	spoon
name a city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them.	new york
name a city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them.	los angeles
name a city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them.	seattle
name a city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them.	san francisco
name a city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them.	las vegas
name a city that doesn't follow trends, it sets them.	paris
name something people use to foretell the future.	crystal ball
name something people use to foretell the future.	tarot cards
name something people use to foretell the future.	fortune teller
name something people use to foretell the future.	horoscope
name something people use to foretell the future.	ouija board
name something you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often.	coat
name something you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often.	shoes
name something you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often.	underwear
name something you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often.	jewelry
name something you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often.	glasses
name something you wear that you don't replace or buy new very often.	jeans
name something a high school student might do in gym class.	run
name something a high school student might do in gym class.	push-ups
name something a high school student might do in gym class.	rope climbing
name something a high school student might do in gym class.	jumping jacks
name something a high school student might do in gym class.	sit-ups
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	tomato
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	carrot
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	cabbage
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	lettuce
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	cucumbers
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	green beans
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	peppers
name a vegetable that people might grow in their backyard.	corn
name something you find in a baby nursery:	crib
name something you find in a baby nursery:	diapers
name something you find in a baby nursery:	toys
name something you find in a baby nursery:	baby
name something you find in a baby nursery:	changing table
name the u.s. city which has the most haunted houses.	salem
name the u.s. city which has the most haunted houses.	new orleans
name the u.s. city which has the most haunted houses.	boston
name the u.s. city which has the most haunted houses.	new york
name the u.s. city which has the most haunted houses.	los angeles
name something drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road.	other people
name something drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road.	radio
name something drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road.	billboard/sign
name something drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road.	cell phone
name something drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road.	self in mirror
name something drivers spend time looking at with their eyes when they should be on the road.	accident
name a subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you.	math
name a subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you.	history
name a subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you.	sex education
name a subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you.	science
name a subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you.	computers
name a subject at school you'd hate to find out a ten-year-old knows more about than you.	english
name a kind of suit you would not wear to the office.	swimsuit
name a kind of suit you would not wear to the office.	birthday suit
name a kind of suit you would not wear to the office.	wetsuit
name a kind of suit you would not wear to the office.	tuxedo
name a kind of suit you would not wear to the office.	pant suit
name a kind of suit you would not wear to the office.	plaid suit
name something measured by the spoonful:	sugar
name something measured by the spoonful:	medicine
name something measured by the spoonful:	salt
name something measured by the spoonful:	coffee
name something measured by the spoonful:	baking soda
name something measured by the spoonful:	vanilla
name a type of race that might be held in the summer.	swimming
name a type of race that might be held in the summer.	marathon
name a type of race that might be held in the summer.	bike
name a type of race that might be held in the summer.	car
name a type of race that might be held in the summer.	boat
name a type of race that might be held in the summer.	horse
name something that people soak.	feet/themselves
name something that people soak.	clothes/laundry
name something that people soak.	dishes
name something that people soak.	dentures
name something that people soak.	beans
name something you find on a tennis court.	balls
name something you find on a tennis court.	net
name something you find on a tennis court.	lines
name something you find on a tennis court.	players
name something you find on a tennis court.	racquet
name a part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced.	bellybutton
name a part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced.	bosom
name a part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced.	nose
name a part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced.	tongue
name a part of the body you'd be shocked to hear your grandmother got pierced.	ears
name something america sends to other countries.	food
name something america sends to other countries.	military
name something america sends to other countries.	money
name something america sends to other countries.	medical supplies
name something people can break.	glasses
name something people can break.	bones
name an animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm.	cow
name an animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm.	pig
name an animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm.	duck
name an animal you might see on old mcdonald's farm.	chicken
name something people like to receive in the mail.	money
name something people like to receive in the mail.	checks
name something people like to receive in the mail.	postcards
name something people like to receive in the mail.	presents
name something people like to receive in the mail.	coupons
name something you see on a student's desk.	pen
name something you see on a student's desk.	pencil
name something you see on a student's desk.	books
name something you see on a student's desk.	computer
name something you see on a student's desk.	calculator
name something you see on a student's desk.	paper
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hang ten
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hang out
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hangman
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hangover
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hang loose
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hang on
name a short phrase that begins with "hang."	hang in there
name something a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty.	buys her flowers
name something a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty.	buys jewelry/gift
name something a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty.	cooks/out to eat
name something a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty.	buys her candy
name something a husband does for his wife when he's feeling guilty.	does the chores
name a fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate.	strawberry
name a fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate.	banana
name a fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate.	apple
name a fruit that tastes good when it's dipped in chocolate.	cherry
name a game that kids have played for generations:	hide & seek
name a game that kids have played for generations:	tag
name a game that kids have played for generations:	hopscotch
name a game that kids have played for generations:	baseball
name a game that kids have played for generations:	monopoly
name a game that kids have played for generations:	checkers
name a game that kids have played for generations:	jump rope
name a game that kids have played for generations:	tic tac toe
name something little kids have difficulty doing for themselves.	tying shoes
name something little kids have difficulty doing for themselves.	getting dressed
name something little kids have difficulty doing for themselves.	going potty
name something little kids have difficulty doing for themselves.	taking a bath
name something little kids have difficulty doing for themselves.	eating
name something you might accidentally leave on all night.	television
name something you might accidentally leave on all night.	lights
name something you might accidentally leave on all night.	oven
name something you might accidentally leave on all night.	computer
name something you might accidentally leave on all night.	contact lenses
name something you might find in the glove compartment of your car.	registration
name something you might find in the glove compartment of your car.	insurance card
name something you might find in the glove compartment of your car.	owner's manual
name something you might find in the glove compartment of your car.	map
name something you might find in the glove compartment of your car.	flash light
name your favorite thing to do at parties.	dance
name your favorite thing to do at parties.	socialize
name your favorite thing to do at parties.	drink
name your favorite thing to do at parties.	eat
name your favorite thing to do at parties.	sing
name something on a job application that people lie about.	age
name something on a job application that people lie about.	experience
name something on a job application that people lie about.	criminal record
name something on a job application that people lie about.	education
name a beautiful actress named jennifer.	jennifer lopez
name a beautiful actress named jennifer.	jennifer aniston
name a beautiful actress named jennifer.	jennifer jones
name a beautiful actress named jennifer.	jennifer garner
name a beautiful actress named jennifer.	jennifer love hewitt
name a place where you could see a lot of fit people.	gym
name a place where you could see a lot of fit people.	sports event
name a word or phrase that contains "belly".	belly button
name a word or phrase that contains "belly".	jelly belly
name a word or phrase that contains "belly".	belly dancing
name a word or phrase that contains "belly".	belly ache
name a word or phrase that contains "belly".	belly flop
name a word or phrase that contains "belly".	round belly
name something that might give you a jolt.	electricity
name something that might give you a jolt.	coffee
name something that might give you a jolt.	lightning
name something that might give you a jolt.	battery
name something that might give you a jolt.	taser gun
name something that might give you a jolt.	spicy food
name something belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through.	diary/journal
name something belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through.	dresser/drawers
name something belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through.	backpack/bookbag
name something belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through.	their bedroom
name something belonging to their children that all parents are sometimes tempted to look through.	wallet/purse
name a kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper.	restaurant
name a kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper.	department store
name a kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper.	supermarket
name a kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper.	dry cleaners
name a kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper.	utilities
name a kind of business where you always see customers losing their temper.	auto mechanic
name something a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	cuss
name something a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	pass gas
name something a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	pick nose
name something a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	have a tantrum
name something a mother would be really embarrassed to have her child do in front of grandma.	whine/cry
name a part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for.	weather
name a part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for.	sports
name a part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for.	headline news
name a part of the local news broadcast that people specifically watch for.	traffic
name something that has an alarm	clock
name something that has an alarm	car
name something that has an alarm	smoke detector
name something that has an alarm	home
name something that has an alarm	bank vault
name something that has an alarm	watch
name something that, to a slob, belongs on the floor.	clothes
name something that, to a slob, belongs on the floor.	everything
name something that, to a slob, belongs on the floor.	trash
name something that, to a slob, belongs on the floor.	food
name something that, to a slob, belongs on the floor.	dirt
name something people keep hidden in their house.	money
name something people keep hidden in their house.	guns
name something people keep hidden in their house.	jewelry
name something people keep hidden in their house.	safe/keys to safe
name a way to attract a person's attention.	wave
name a way to attract a person's attention.	yell
name a way to attract a person's attention.	whistle
name a way to attract a person's attention.	smile
name a place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing.	church
name a place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing.	library
name a place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing.	meeting
name a place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing.	movie
name a place you don't want your cell phone to start ringing.	driving
name something you put on top of ice cream.	chocolate syrup
name something you put on top of ice cream.	sprinkles
name something you put on top of ice cream.	cherries
name something you put on top of ice cream.	nuts
name something you put on top of ice cream.	whipped cream
name something you put on top of ice cream.	caramel
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	clothes/shoes
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	gas/transport.
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	makeup
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	child-care
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	food/drinks
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	jewelry
name something working women spend more money on than housewives.	cell phone
name a kind of league people join.	bowling
name a kind of league people join.	baseball
name a kind of league people join.	football
name a kind of league people join.	women voters
name a kind of league people join.	extraordinary
name a kind of league people join.	soccer
name something that's shaped like a donut.	tire
name something that's shaped like a donut.	bagel
name something some people do faster than others.	run
name something some people do faster than others.	read
name something some people do faster than others.	walk
name something some people do faster than others.	type
name something some people do faster than others.	eat
name something some people do faster than others.	talk
name something you wipe.	buttocks
name something you wipe.	runny rose
name something you wipe.	kitchen table
name something you wipe.	your face
name something you wipe.	countertop
name something you wipe.	windows
name something you wipe.	tears
name something that bothers airline passengers the most.	waiting
name something that bothers airline passengers the most.	baby
name something that bothers airline passengers the most.	seating
name something that bothers airline passengers the most.	passengers
name something that bothers airline passengers the most.	security
name something that bothers airline passengers the most.	turbulence
name something people rely on too much these days.	cell phones
name something people rely on too much these days.	computers
name something people rely on too much these days.	money
name something people rely on too much these days.	cars
name a day that is considered especially bad to break up on.	valentine's day
name a day that is considered especially bad to break up on.	birthday
name a day that is considered especially bad to break up on.	christmas
name a day that is considered especially bad to break up on.	friday
name a day that is considered especially bad to break up on.	anniversary
name something you do when your zipper gets stuck.	unstick it
name something you do when your zipper gets stuck.	swear
name something you do when your zipper gets stuck.	scream
name something you do when your zipper gets stuck.	change pants
name something you do when your zipper gets stuck.	panic
name something you do when your zipper gets stuck.	cover with a s...
name something a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it.	clean room
name something a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it.	homework
name something a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it.	get a job
name something a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it.	time with family
name something a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it.	thank you
name something a teenager would never do unless his parents insisted on it.	sleep
name something that might put a kid on santa's naughty list.	swearing
name something that might put a kid on santa's naughty list.	bad grades
name something that might put a kid on santa's naughty list.	fighting
name something that might put a kid on santa's naughty list.	stealing
name something that might put a kid on santa's naughty list.	bullying
name an appliance in the bathroom that you plug in.	blow dryer
name an appliance in the bathroom that you plug in.	electric razor
name an appliance in the bathroom that you plug in.	curling iron
name an appliance in the bathroom that you plug in.	electric toothbrush
name a public place you might see someone snoring.	church
name a public place you might see someone snoring.	movie theater
name a public place you might see someone snoring.	airport
name a public place you might see someone snoring.	bus
name a public place you might see someone snoring.	libraries
name a public place you might see someone snoring.	hospital
name an object young children sleep with.	teddy bear
name an object young children sleep with.	blanket
name an object young children sleep with.	pacifier
name something people do with their index fingers	point
name something people do with their index fingers	pick nose
name something people do with their index fingers	apply makeup
name something people do with their index fingers	wear a ring
name something people do with their index fingers	scratch
name something people do with their index fingers	dial a phone
name something that could be described as fluffy.	pillow
name something that could be described as fluffy.	cloud
name something that could be described as fluffy.	cotton
name something that could be described as fluffy.	cat
name something you would complain about when you receive a pizza delivery	cold
name something you would complain about when you receive a pizza delivery	wrong toppings
name something you would complain about when you receive a pizza delivery	late delivery
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	sunbathe
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	walk around
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	house work
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	swim
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	dance
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	yard work
name something you might do in the nude if you didn't have neighbors.	hot tub
name something you would not want to watch your child playing with.	fire
name something you would not want to watch your child playing with.	knife
name something you would not want to watch your child playing with.	adult items
name something you would not want to watch your child playing with.	gun
name something people wear that is white.	t-shirt
name something people wear that is white.	blouse
name something people wear that is white.	wedding dress
name something people wear that is white.	underwear
name something people wear that is white.	shoes
name something people wear that is white.	socks
name a profession that is very stressful.	doctor
name a profession that is very stressful.	lawyer
name a profession that is very stressful.	teacher
name a profession that is very stressful.	police officer
name a profession that is very stressful.	nurse
name a profession that is very stressful.	customer service
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	swimming
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	go to the beach
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	camping
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	traveling
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	hiking
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	jogging
name an activity you do in the summer that is harder to do with a baby.	surfing
name a dance that is no longer hip.	the twist
name a dance that is no longer hip.	waltz
name a dance that is no longer hip.	the macarena
name a dance that is no longer hip.	disco
name a dance that is no longer hip.	jitterbug
name a dance that is no longer hip.	electric slide
name something that people shed.	hair
name something that people shed.	skin
name something that people shed.	tears
name something that people shed.	clothes
name something that people shed.	pounds/weight
name something a man might not notice his wife has changed.	her hair
name something a man might not notice his wife has changed.	her nail polish
name something a man might not notice his wife has changed.	the furnishings
name something a man might not notice his wife has changed.	her weight
name something a man might not notice his wife has changed.	her earrings
name something a man might not notice his wife has changed.	her undies
name a place where you get news that's not exactly reliable.	tabloids
name a place where you get news that's not exactly reliable.	tv
name a place where you get news that's not exactly reliable.	internet
name a place where you get news that's not exactly reliable.	work
name a place where you get news that's not exactly reliable.	newspaper
name a place where you get news that's not exactly reliable.	friends
name a celebrity family you would like to see play the feud.	jacksons
name a celebrity family you would like to see play the feud.	osbournes
name a celebrity family you would like to see play the feud.	kardashians
name a celebrity family you would like to see play the feud.	osmonds
name a celebrity family you would like to see play the feud.	tom hanks
name something that needs time to warm-up.	car
name something that needs time to warm-up.	oven
name something that needs time to warm-up.	person
name something that needs time to warm-up.	food
name something that needs time to warm-up.	heater
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	car
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	oven
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	floors
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	bathroom
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	white shoes
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	carpet
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	windows
name something specific that's hard to keep clean:	kitchen
name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick.	cotton candy
name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick.	corn dog
name something that might be called "foul."	foul odor
name something that might be called "foul."	poultry/fowl
name something that might be called "foul."	"foul ball!"
name something that might be called "foul."	foul language
name a place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them.	to church
name a place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them.	to the gym
name a place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them.	movies/theater
name a place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them.	doctor's/hospital
name a place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them.	to a spa
name a place people drag themselves to because they think it's good for them.	the dentist's
name a four letter word that's something every woman wants.	love
name a four letter word that's something every woman wants.	ring
name a four letter word that's something every woman wants.	cash
name a four letter word that's something every woman wants.	gold
name a four letter word that's something every woman wants.	shoe
name something people like to have with them when they go swimming.	towels
name something people like to have with them when they go swimming.	sunscreen
name something people like to have with them when they go swimming.	goggles
name something people like to have with them when they go swimming.	swimsuit
name something that might live in a crypt.	mummy
name something that might live in a crypt.	vampire
name something that might live in a crypt.	zombie
name something that might live in a crypt.	skeleton
name something that might live in a crypt.	bats
name something that might live in a crypt.	crypt keeper
name something that might live in a crypt.	ghost
name something that might live in a crypt.	spider
name something you hook up to a tv	dvd's
name something you hook up to a tv	cable
name a tool that you would use to build a bird house.	a hammer
name a tool that you would use to build a bird house.	saw
name a tool that you would use to build a bird house.	screwdriver
name a tool that you would use to build a bird house.	wrench
name a tool that you would use to build a bird house.	nails
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	closet
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	storage/supplies
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	bathroom
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	copy room
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	stairwell
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	conference room
name a specific place at the office where people sneak off for romantic encounters.	lunchroom/cafe
name something about cowboys that turns women on.	their hats
name something about cowboys that turns women on.	their tight jeans
name something about cowboys that turns women on.	their walk
name something about cowboys that turns women on.	macho/rugged look
name something about cowboys that turns women on.	their guns
name a profession that requires you to smile a lot.	model
name a profession that requires you to smile a lot.	waiter
name a profession that requires you to smile a lot.	customer service
name a profession that requires you to smile a lot.	receptionist
name a profession that requires you to smile a lot.	cashier
name a profession that requires you to smile a lot.	actor
name a musical instrument that a child prodigy might play.	piano
name a musical instrument that a child prodigy might play.	violin
name a musical instrument that a child prodigy might play.	flute
name a musical instrument that a child prodigy might play.	guitar
name an animal most men must have learned their eating habits from.	pig
name an animal most men must have learned their eating habits from.	dog
name an animal most men must have learned their eating habits from.	ape
name an animal most men must have learned their eating habits from.	bear
name an animal most men must have learned their eating habits from.	cow
name an animal most men must have learned their eating habits from.	horse
name an accessory kids put on their bikes.	horn
name an accessory kids put on their bikes.	basket
name an accessory kids put on their bikes.	stickers
name an accessory kids put on their bikes.	bell
name an accessory kids put on their bikes.	lights
name an accessory kids put on their bikes.	pegs
name something you might donate.	money
name something you might donate.	clothes
name something you might donate.	blood
name something you might donate.	kidney
name something you might donate.	heart
name something the rich and famous do for fun in the summer.	traveling
name something the rich and famous do for fun in the summer.	boating
name something the rich and famous do for fun in the summer.	cruise
name something the rich and famous do for fun in the summer.	go to the beach
name a profession that charges people just to talk to them.	psychiatrist
name a profession that charges people just to talk to them.	doctor
name a profession that charges people just to talk to them.	lawyer
name a profession that charges people just to talk to them.	psychic
name a profession that charges people just to talk to them.	financial advisor
name something you need when traveling overseas.	passport
name something you need when traveling overseas.	money
name something you need when traveling overseas.	clothes
name something you need when traveling overseas.	boat
name a hollywood bad boy.	charlie sheen
name a hollywood bad boy.	justin beiber
name a hollywood bad boy.	brad pitt
name a hollywood bad boy.	sean penn
name a hollywood bad boy.	colin farrell
name a hollywood bad boy.	johnny depp
name an outspoken tv news anchor.	barbara walters
name an outspoken tv news anchor.	bill maher
name an outspoken tv news anchor.	bill o'reilly
name an outspoken tv news anchor.	al roker
name an outspoken tv news anchor.	rush limbaugh
name someone or something that has wings:	bird
name someone or something that has wings:	airplane
name someone or something that has wings:	angel
name someone or something that has wings:	butterfly
name someone or something that has wings:	pegasus
name a profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair.	musician
name a profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair.	wrestler/athlete
name a profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair.	model
name a profession in which it's more common for men to have long hair.	artist
name something you have that you hope someday to get rid of.	excess weight
name something you have that you hope someday to get rid of.	bills/debt
name something you have that you hope someday to get rid of.	car
name something you have that you hope someday to get rid of.	junk/trash
name something you have that you hope someday to get rid of.	spouse/mate
name something you have that you hope someday to get rid of.	pain/ailments
name something kids buy at a college campus store.	books
name something kids buy at a college campus store.	clothes
name something kids buy at a college campus store.	pen
name something kids buy at a college campus store.	paper
name something kids buy at a college campus store.	notebooks
name something kids buy at a college campus store.	book bag
name a kind of wood used to make furniture.	oak
name a kind of wood used to make furniture.	pine
name a kind of wood used to make furniture.	cherry
name a kind of wood used to make furniture.	teak
name a kind of wood used to make furniture.	maple
name a kind of wood used to make furniture.	walnut
name something that needs to be kept in the fridge.	milk
name something that needs to be kept in the fridge.	mayonnaise
name something that needs to be kept in the fridge.	ice cream
name something that needs to be kept in the fridge.	red meat
name a word or phrase used to start a toast.	attention
name a word or phrase used to start a toast.	cheers
name a word or phrase used to start a toast.	congratulations
name a word or phrase used to start a toast.	excuse me
name a word or phrase used to start a toast.	ladies and gentlemen
name a sign you might see in an apartment leasing office that begins with the word "no"?	no pets
name a sign you might see in an apartment leasing office that begins with the word "no"?	no smoking
name a situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant.	anniversary
name a situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant.	birthday
name a situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant.	date
name a situation where you would eat at a fancy restaurant.	graduation
name something people bring to a wedding.	gifts
name something people bring to a wedding.	camera
name something people bring to a wedding.	confetti
name something people bring to a wedding.	guest
name something people bring to a wedding.	cash
name one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging.	food
name one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging.	walk
name one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging.	hi
name one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging.	out
name one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging.	good
name one word that never fails to start a dog's tail wagging.	come
name something specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed.	shirt buttons
name something specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed.	pants zipper
name something specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed.	his hook
name something specific captain hook might ask for help with when getting dressed.	tying shoes
name something you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license.	smile
name something you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license.	pose
name something you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license.	dress up
name something you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license.	stick out tongue
name something you do for regular photos but not while posing for a driver's license.	make faces
name something found in santa's workshop.	elves
name something found in santa's workshop.	toys
name something you use everyday.	toothbrush
name something you use everyday.	bathroom
name something you use everyday.	telephones
name something you use everyday.	car
name something you use everyday.	water
name something you use everyday.	soap
name a reason you might not answer the door if you were home.	use the bathroom
name a reason you might not answer the door if you were home.	sales person
name a reason you might not answer the door if you were home.	jehovas witness
name a reason you might not answer the door if you were home.	sleeping
name a reason you might not answer the door if you were home.	bill collector
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	pear
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	hourglass
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	coke bottle
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	apple
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	balloon
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	ball
name something you might say someone's body is shaped like.	house
name a member of the british royal family.	queen elizabeth
name a member of the british royal family.	prince charles
name a member of the british royal family.	prince william
name a member of the british royal family.	princess diana
name a member of the british royal family.	prince harry
name a member of the british royal family.	kate middleton
name a place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to.	grave yard
name a place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to.	shopping mall
name a place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to.	church
name a place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to.	schools
name a place where it would be fun to play hide and seek, but where you aren't allowed to.	department store
name a specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals.	monkey
name a specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals.	pig
name a specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals.	donkey
name a specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals.	dog
name a specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals.	hyena
name a specific animal you think of when you're with a bunch of party animals.	wolf
name a food item you might peel.	orange
name a food item you might peel.	banana
name a food item you might peel.	potato
name a food item you might peel.	apple
name a food item you might peel.	onion
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	room
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	emails
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	facebook
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	listen on phone
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	mobile phone
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	ask other people
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	webcam
name a way in which parents spy on their teenagers.	baby monitor
name something you spread.	butter
name something you spread.	jam
name something you spread.	peanut butter
name something you spread.	germs
name something you spread.	the flu
name something you wish they'd get a new one of at the office.	photo copier
name something you wish they'd get a new one of at the office.	computer
name something you wish they'd get a new one of at the office.	boss
name something you wish they'd get a new one of at the office.	coffee maker
name something you wish they'd get a new one of at the office.	printer
name something you wish they'd get a new one of at the office.	chair
name a famous rock band from the 1960's.	the beatles
name a famous rock band from the 1960's.	rolling stones
name a famous rock band from the 1960's.	the doors
name a famous rock band from the 1960's.	sly and the fam
name a famous rock band from the 1960's.	the fortunes
name a famous rock band from the 1960's.	the greatful dead
name a reason someone might cancel a date.	sick
name a reason someone might cancel a date.	working
name a reason someone might cancel a date.	scared
name a reason someone might cancel a date.	no money
name a reason someone might cancel a date.	family emergency
name something parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults.	clothes
name something parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults.	food
name something parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults.	school
name something parents choose for their kids when they're little but not when they're adults.	friends
name a place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives.	bar
name a place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives.	golfing
name a place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives.	garage
name a place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives.	fishing
name a place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives.	gym
name a place married men go to temporarily escape from their wives.	bathroom
name something you might polish.	shoes
name something you might polish.	car
name something you might polish.	nails
name something you might polish.	silverware
name something you might polish.	furniture
name a country that gets a lot of visitors.	france
name a country that gets a lot of visitors.	usa
name a country that gets a lot of visitors.	united kingdom
name a country that gets a lot of visitors.	mexico
name a country that gets a lot of visitors.	italy
name a tennis player who is known around the world.	rafael nadal
name a tennis player who is known around the world.	venus williams
name a tennis player who is known around the world.	john mcenroe
name a tennis player who is known around the world.	roger federer
name a tennis player who is known around the world.	andrea agassi
name something the human body has lots of.	hair
name something the human body has lots of.	blood
name something the human body has lots of.	bones
name something the human body has lots of.	cells
name something the human body has lots of.	water
name a carribean island.	jamaica
name a carribean island.	bahamas
name a carribean island.	aruba
name a carribean island.	cuba
name a carribean island.	barbados
name a place you go so often, the people who work there know your name.	store
name a place you go so often, the people who work there know your name.	restaurant
name a place you go so often, the people who work there know your name.	church
name a place you go so often, the people who work there know your name.	bar
name a place you go so often, the people who work there know your name.	bank
name a place you go so often, the people who work there know your name.	doctor
name something a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for.	shot
name something a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for.	check vitals
name something a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for.	surgery
name something a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for.	examination
name something a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for.	x-rays
name something a doctor does that a patient has to remain still for.	draw blood
name a writer who everyone studied in high school.	shakespeare
name a writer who everyone studied in high school.	mark twain
name a writer who everyone studied in high school.	edgar allen poe
name a writer who everyone studied in high school.	charles dickens
name a writer who everyone studied in high school.	ernest hemingway
name a writer who everyone studied in high school.	j.d. salinger
name a cartoon character who gets yelled at often.	bugs bunny
name a cartoon character who gets yelled at often.	bart simpson
name a cartoon character who gets yelled at often.	daffy duck
name a cartoon character who gets yelled at often.	sylvester
name a cartoon character who gets yelled at often.	alvin
name a cartoon character who gets yelled at often.	charlie brown
name something people apply for.	job
name something people apply for.	credit card
name something people apply for.	loan
name something people apply for.	driver's license
name something people apply for.	welfare
name something people apply for.	passport
name something people apply for.	scholarship
name something you might see a firefighter carry.	a hose
name something you might see a firefighter carry.	an axe
name something you might see a firefighter carry.	a ladder
name something you might see a firefighter carry.	a victim
name something you might see a firefighter carry.	an oxygen tank
name the most effective one-word command.	stop
name the most effective one-word command.	no
name the most effective one-word command.	sit
name the most effective one-word command.	now
name the most effective one-word command.	come
name a reason you'd congratulate someone.	married/engaged
name a reason you'd congratulate someone.	job/promotion
name a reason you'd congratulate someone.	birth of baby
name a reason you'd congratulate someone.	graduation
name a reason you'd congratulate someone.	won something
name a reason you'd congratulate someone.	birthday
name someone who died for a cause.	marin l. king, jr.
name someone who died for a cause.	jesus christ
name someone who died for a cause.	mahatma gandhi
name someone who died for a cause.	joan of arc
name something you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant.	ribs
name something you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant.	chicken
name something you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant.	pork
name something you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant.	baked beans
name something you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant.	french fries
name something you might find on the menu at a barbecue restaurant.	steak
name something you might replace after a divorce.	house
name something you might replace after a divorce.	spouse
name something you might replace after a divorce.	bed
name something you might replace after a divorce.	car
name something you might replace after a divorce.	furniture
name an animal that climbs a tree.	monkeys
name an animal that climbs a tree.	cats
name an animal that climbs a tree.	squirrels
name an animal that climbs a tree.	bears
name an animal magicians use in their act.	rabbit
name an animal magicians use in their act.	bird
name an animal magicians use in their act.	tiger
name an animal magicians use in their act.	seal
name something that changes from green to yellow.	traffic lights
name something that changes from green to yellow.	bananas
name something that changes from green to yellow.	leaves
name something that changes from green to yellow.	flowers
name a way a rock band might travel to a gig.	tour bus
name a way a rock band might travel to a gig.	train
name a way a rock band might travel to a gig.	van
name a way a rock band might travel to a gig.	car
name a way a rock band might travel to a gig.	limousine
name a way a rock band might travel to a gig.	airplane
name a vegetable kids hate to eat.	broccoli
name a vegetable kids hate to eat.	brussel sprouts
name a vegetable kids hate to eat.	pea
name a vegetable kids hate to eat.	spinach
name a vegetable kids hate to eat.	carrot
name a vegetable kids hate to eat.	green beans
name a u.s. president whose name ends in "son".	thomas jefferson
name a u.s. president whose name ends in "son".	andrew jackson
name a u.s. president whose name ends in "son".	lyndon b. johnson
name a u.s. president whose name ends in "son".	woodrow wilson
name a u.s. president whose name ends in "son".	james madison
name a u.s. president whose name ends in "son".	w. henry harrison
name something you may forget to turn off.	lights
name something you may forget to turn off.	oven
name something you may forget to turn off.	iron
name something you may forget to turn off.	television
name something you may forget to turn off.	heater
name a musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra.	guitar
name a musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra.	harmonica
name a musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra.	banjo
name a musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra.	drums
name a musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra.	kazoo
name a musical instrument you'd never find in an orchestra.	accordion
name something a kid might have to do before he's allowed to watch tv.	homework
name something a kid might have to do before he's allowed to watch tv.	chores
name something a kid might have to do before he's allowed to watch tv.	eat dinner
name something a movie director might yell on set.	cut
name something a movie director might yell on set.	action
name something a movie director might yell on set.	quiet
name something a movie director might yell on set.	five
name something a movie director might yell on set.	take five
name a food that goes off quickly.	milk
name a food that goes off quickly.	fish
name a food that goes off quickly.	chicken
name a food that goes off quickly.	meat
name a food that goes off quickly.	cheese
name a food that goes off quickly.	bread
name a food that goes off quickly.	banana
name a food that goes off quickly.	cream
name something about a person that you might say is "smooth."	skin
name something about a person that you might say is "smooth."	voice
name something about a person that you might say is "smooth."	hair
name something about a person that you might say is "smooth."	walk
name a household chore you do standing up.	wash dishes
name a household chore you do standing up.	vacuuming
name a household chore you do standing up.	sweeping
name a household chore you do standing up.	mopping
name a household chore you do standing up.	ironing
name a household chore you do standing up.	cooking
name a complaint many women have about their husband's job.	hours/not home
name a complaint many women have about their husband's job.	not enough money
name a complaint many women have about their husband's job.	dirty/greasy
name a complaint many women have about their husband's job.	other females
name something at which many people fail the first time they try it.	driving test
name something at which many people fail the first time they try it.	riding a bike
name something at which many people fail the first time they try it.	dieting
name something at which many people fail the first time they try it.	cooking
name something at which many people fail the first time they try it.	sports
name something people fall into.	hole
name something people fall into.	love
name something people fall into.	well
name something people fall into.	pool
name something people fall into.	bed
name something people fall into.	ditch
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	darkness
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	falling
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	snakes
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	heights
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	death
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	fire
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	water
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	loud noise
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	bugs
name something that almost everyone is born with a natural fear of:	pain
name a job that involved secrecy.	fbi agent
name a job that involved secrecy.	cia
name a job that involved secrecy.	lawyer
name a job that involved secrecy.	doctor
name a job that involved secrecy.	us president
name something that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed.	clothes/shoes
name something that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed.	jewelry
name something that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed.	makeup
name something that you sometimes don't bother to take off when you go to bed.	dentures
name a person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with.	in-law
name a person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with.	boss
name a person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with.	co-worker
name a person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with.	sibling
name a person you don't necessarily like, but are obligated to get along with.	neighbor
name something you do to pass time at work.	read
name something you do to pass time at work.	working
name something you do to pass time at work.	talk
name something you do to pass time at work.	internet
name something you do to pass time at work.	listen to music
name something you do to pass time at work.	text messages
name something barbie and britney have in common.	blonde
name something barbie and britney have in common.	dolls
name something barbie and britney have in common.	look plastic
name something barbie and britney have in common.	rich
name something barbie and britney have in common.	can't sing
name something that's hidden that kids try to find:	presents
name something that's hidden that kids try to find:	easter eggs
name something that's hidden that kids try to find:	candy
name something that's hidden that kids try to find:	cookies
name something that's hidden that kids try to find:	money
name something you can't do on an airplane.	smoke
name something you can't do on an airplane.	talk on the phone
name something you can't do on an airplane.	run
name something you can't do on an airplane.	dance
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	nurses
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	doctors
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	beds
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	blood
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	medicine
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	good food
name something there's a shortage of in hospitals.	food
name a place where you can hide something.	under the bed
name a place where you can hide something.	closets
name a place where you can hide something.	drawer
name a place where you can hide something.	safe
name a way people like to have their steak.	well done
name a way people like to have their steak.	medium rare
name a way people like to have their steak.	rare
name a way people like to have their steak.	bbq
name something an obnoxious driver does.	cuts you off
name something an obnoxious driver does.	obscene gesture
name something an obnoxious driver does.	honks the horn
name something an obnoxious driver does.	yells/hollers
name something an obnoxious driver does.	weaves in and out
name something an obnoxious driver does.	tail gates
name something an obnoxious driver does.	speeds
name someone famous for helping the poor.	mother teresa
name someone famous for helping the poor.	oprah winfrey
name someone famous for helping the poor.	jimmy carter
name someone famous for helping the poor.	princess diana
name someone famous for helping the poor.	bill gates
name someone famous for helping the poor.	angelina jolie
name something the wealthy have.	money
name something the wealthy have.	mansion
name something the wealthy have.	nice car
name something the wealthy have.	yacht
name a fruit you can buy in the frozen food section	strawberries
name a fruit you can buy in the frozen food section	blueberries
name something people like to lie beside.	significant other
name something people like to lie beside.	pet
name something people like to lie beside.	stuffed animal
name something people like to lie beside.	radio
name something people like to lie beside.	fireplace
name a body part a pirate might be missing.	leg
name a body part a pirate might be missing.	eye
name a body part a pirate might be missing.	hand
name a body part a pirate might be missing.	arm
name something passengers on an airplane are told before take off.	buckle seat belt
name something passengers on an airplane are told before take off.	emergency exit
name something passengers on an airplane are told before take off.	turn off phone
name something passengers on an airplane are told before take off.	no smoking
name something you hate to be 'out of order'.	bathroom
name something you hate to be 'out of order'.	atm
name something you hate to be 'out of order'.	elevator
name something you hate to be 'out of order'.	vending machine
name something you hate to be 'out of order'.	house
name something you hate to be 'out of order'.	files
name a time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games.	national anth
name a time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games.	national anthem
name a time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games.	seventh inning stretch
name a time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games.	eating hot dogs
name a time-honored tradition that fans observe at baseball games.	cheering
name something pirates may do when they are bored.	drink
name something pirates may do when they are bored.	sing
name something pirates may do when they are bored.	sleep
name something pirates may do when they are bored.	fight
name something pirates may do when they are bored.	play cards
name a way you can tell if someone is lying.	eyes
name a way you can tell if someone is lying.	stuttering
name a way you can tell if someone is lying.	sweating
name a way you can tell if someone is lying.	halting
name a way you can tell if someone is lying.	chattering
name a way you can tell if someone is lying.	hesitating
name something on an elephant that's huge.	trunk
name something on an elephant that's huge.	ears
name something on an elephant that's huge.	tusks
name something on an elephant that's huge.	body
name something on an elephant that's huge.	head
name a breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of.	poodle
name a breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of.	chihuahua
name a breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of.	shihtzu
name a breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of.	pitbull
name a breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of.	yorkshire ter
name a breed of dog a man would be embarrassed to admit he's afraid of.	pekingese
name a expense that's much bigger if you have kids.	grocery bill
name a expense that's much bigger if you have kids.	clothes
name a expense that's much bigger if you have kids.	travel
name a situation where you would use a map.	traveling
name a situation where you would use a map.	lost
name a situation where you would use a map.	driving
name a situation where you would use a map.	vacation
name a situation where you would use a map.	asking direction
name something people fall from.	ladder
name something people fall from.	steps/stairs
name something people fall from.	tree
name something people fall from.	grace
name something you beat.	eggs
name something you beat.	drums
name something you beat.	rugs
name something you beat.	games
name something you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic.	need the bathroom
name something you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic.	run out of gas
name something you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic.	break down
name something you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic.	car accident
name something you would not want to happen while stuck in traffic.	flat tire
name something that begins with "march of _____".	dimes
name something that begins with "march of _____".	the penguins
name something that begins with "march of _____".	time
name something that begins with "march of _____".	wooden soldiers
name something that begins with "march of _____".	the ants
now that phone booths are a thing of the past what might clark kent go into to become superman?	bathroom
now that phone booths are a thing of the past what might clark kent go into to become superman?	dressing room/store
now that phone booths are a thing of the past what might clark kent go into to become superman?	his car
now that phone booths are a thing of the past what might clark kent go into to become superman?	subway
now that phone booths are a thing of the past what might clark kent go into to become superman?	elevator
now that phone booths are a thing of the past what might clark kent go into to become superman?	restaurant
name an occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe.	police officer
name an occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe.	politician
name an occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe.	city inspector
name an occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe.	lawyer
name an occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe.	contractor
name an occupation whose workers might be offered a bribe.	athlete
name something you might find in an igloo.	eskimos
name something you might find in an igloo.	ice
name something you open other than a door.	cans
name something you open other than a door.	envelopes
name something you open other than a door.	presents
name something you open other than a door.	refrigerators
name something you open other than a door.	eyes
name something that you might find on your car windshield.	parking ticket
name something that you might find on your car windshield.	flyers/ads
name something that you might find on your car windshield.	bird droppings
name something that you might find on your car windshield.	windsheild wipers
name something that you might find on your car windshield.	stickers/decals
name something that you might find on your car windshield.	insects
name a title of royalty that is also a name for a dog.	prince
name a title of royalty that is also a name for a dog.	duke
name a title of royalty that is also a name for a dog.	king
name a title of royalty that is also a name for a dog.	princess
name a title of royalty that is also a name for a dog.	queen
name a title of royalty that is also a name for a dog.	duchess
name something funny someone could do to the family photo.	stick tongue out
name something funny someone could do to the family photo.	make funny face
name something funny someone could do to the family photo.	bunny ears
name something funny someone could do to the family photo.	flip the bird
name something funny someone could do to the family photo.	photobomb
name something funny someone could do to the family photo.	costume
name something new mothers spend most of their time doing.	changing diapers
name something new mothers spend most of their time doing.	feed/nursing baby
name something new mothers spend most of their time doing.	hold/rocking baby
name something new mothers spend most of their time doing.	doing laundry
name something new mothers spend most of their time doing.	babysitting
name a reason you might not answer the door when you're home.	using the bathroom
name a reason you might not answer the door when you're home.	sales person
name a reason you might not answer the door when you're home.	jehovah's witness
name a reason you might not answer the door when you're home.	sleeping
name a reason you might not answer the door when you're home.	bill collector
name your favorite beatles song.	hey jude
name your favorite beatles song.	yellow submarine
name your favorite beatles song.	let it be
name your favorite beatles song.	yesterday
name your favorite beatles song.	i want to hold you
name something a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking.	attention
name something a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking.	men
name something a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking.	money
name something a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking.	gifts
name something a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking.	compliments
name something a woman might get more of just because she's incredibly good looking.	love
name something you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery.	career
name something you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery.	friends
name something you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery.	house
name something you'd re-evaluate about your life after winning the lottery.	car
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	pass gas
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	fall
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	bad weather
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	sneeze
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	say a swear
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	say wrong word
name something a reporter wouldn't want to happen while on air live.	tech difficulties
name something two dogs might fight over.	bone
name something two dogs might fight over.	food
name something two dogs might fight over.	dog
name something two dogs might fight over.	ball
name something two dogs might fight over.	treat
name a good gift for someone who takes a lot of photographs.	film
name a good gift for someone who takes a lot of photographs.	camera
name a good gift for someone who takes a lot of photographs.	album
name something to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted.	computer/games
name something to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted.	candy/junk food
name something to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted.	television
name something to which a lot of kids seem almost addicted.	music
name something that there never seems to be enough of at your house:	money
name something that there never seems to be enough of at your house:	food
name something that there never seems to be enough of at your house:	soft drinks
name something that there never seems to be enough of at your house:	time
name something that there never seems to be enough of at your house:	toilet paper
name something you can do to mess up when you take someone's picture.	finger in shutter
name something you can do to mess up when you take someone's picture.	move
name something you can do to mess up when you take someone's picture.	forget to take
name something you can do to mess up when you take someone's picture.	cut heads off
name something you can do to mess up when you take someone's picture.	no film in camera
name something you can do to mess up when you take someone's picture.	out of focus
name a fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth.	banana
name a fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth.	grape
name a fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth.	peach
name a fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth.	kiwi
name a fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth.	watermelon
name a fruit you could still eat if you didn't have any teeth.	cherry
name an animal you might see if you visited the rain forest.	monkey
name an animal you might see if you visited the rain forest.	snake
name an animal you might see if you visited the rain forest.	parrot
name an animal you might see if you visited the rain forest.	frog
name an animal you might see if you visited the rain forest.	crocodile
name an occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you.	clown
name an occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you.	teacher
name an occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you.	doctor
name an occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you.	police
name an occupation in which you'd have to get used to kids being afraid of you.	principal
name something specific about a woman that gives her her own style.	her hairstyle
name something specific about a woman that gives her her own style.	her clothes
name something specific about a woman that gives her her own style.	her personality
name something specific about a woman that gives her her own style.	her walk
name something specific about a woman that gives her her own style.	her smile
name something specific about a woman that gives her her own style.	her perfume
name something that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them.	won the lottery
name something that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them.	found money
name something that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them.	met true love
name something that a person with good luck has probably had happen to them.	got a great job
name something you do not like to do in front of your spouse.	use bathroom
name something you do not like to do in front of your spouse.	fart
name something you do not like to do in front of your spouse.	flirt
name something you do not like to do in front of your spouse.	burp
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	soft drink
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	car door
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	house door
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	canned food
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	refrigerator door
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	jack in the box
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	champagne
name something that makes a sound when you open it.	music box
name something a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job.	paycheck
name something a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job.	friends/coworkers
name something a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job.	dressing up
name something a stay-at-home parent might miss about working a regular job.	out of the house
name something you need to play a game of ping-pong	racket
name something you need to play a game of ping-pong	ball
name something a construction worker often uses.	a hammer
name something a construction worker often uses.	hard hat
name something a construction worker often uses.	bull dozer
name something a construction worker often uses.	crane
name something a construction worker often uses.	drill
name something that people hide.	money
name something that people hide.	age
name something that people hide.	feelings
name something that people hide.	past
name something that people hide.	pregnancy
name something that people hide.	jewelry
name a job that requires using the telephone a lot:	sales
name a job that requires using the telephone a lot:	operator
name a job that requires using the telephone a lot:	receptionist
name a job that requires using the telephone a lot:	secretary
name a job that requires using the telephone a lot:	phone polling
name something people do with their fingernails.	bite
name something people do with their fingernails.	paint
name something people do with their fingernails.	clip
name something people do with their fingernails.	polish
name something people do with their fingernails.	file
name something people buy where "bigger is better".	vehicles
name something people buy where "bigger is better".	food
name something people buy where "bigger is better".	clothes
name something people buy where "bigger is better".	television
name something people buy where "bigger is better".	homes
name something people buy where "bigger is better".	toilet paper
name a christmas song you know most of the words to.	jingle bells
name a christmas song you know most of the words to.	silent night
name a christmas song you know most of the words to.	white christmas
name a christmas song you know most of the words to.	santa coming town
name a christmas song you know most of the words to.	red nose reindeer
name someone you would be embarrassed to curse in front of.	priest
name someone you would be embarrassed to curse in front of.	parents
name someone you would be embarrassed to curse in front of.	grandmother
name someone you would be embarrassed to curse in front of.	teacher
name someone you would be embarrassed to curse in front of.	a crush
name a time that might be proudest moment in a person's life.	giving birth
name a time that might be proudest moment in a person's life.	graduation
name a time that might be proudest moment in a person's life.	marriage
name a time that might be proudest moment in a person's life.	new job
name a time that might be proudest moment in a person's life.	buying a house
name something people say is on the house.	drink
name something people say is on the house.	dessert/meal
name something people say is on the house.	address
name something people say is on the house.	chimney
name something people say is on the house.	roof
name something you would need in order to play a game of basketball.	basketball
name something you would need in order to play a game of basketball.	hoop
name something you would need in order to play a game of basketball.	players
name something you would need in order to play a game of basketball.	court
name something you would need in order to play a game of basketball.	shoes
name a us city you would not like to live in.	new york city
name a us city you would not like to live in.	detroit
name a us city you would not like to live in.	chicago
name a us city you would not like to live in.	los angeles
name something you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it.	car
name something you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it.	airplanes
name something you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it.	elevator
name something you hope doesn't break down while you're inside of it.	roller coaster
name something a woman does for beauty that a man also does.	haircut/styled
name something a woman does for beauty that a man also does.	shaves
name something a woman does for beauty that a man also does.	bathes/showers
name something a woman does for beauty that a man also does.	gets facial/mask
name something a woman does for beauty that a man also does.	uses face cream
name something a woman does for beauty that a man also does.	manicure/pedicure
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	oprah winfrey
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	martha stewart
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	hillary clinton
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	laura bush
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	roseanne
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	barbara walters
name a famous woman you wouldn't want to see wearing a thong.	rosie o'donnell
name something that people hang outside.	clothes
name something that people hang outside.	plants
name something that people hang outside.	flag
name something that people hang outside.	lights
name something that people hang outside.	wind chimes
name something that people hang outside.	welcome mats
name a place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand.	crossing the street
name a place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand.	mall
name a place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand.	parking lot
name a place where kids are told to hold their parent's hand.	amusement park
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	have a nice day
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	how are you
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	i hate you
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	i love you
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	i'm glad to see you
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	you look great
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	i'm fine
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	i'm sorry
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	come see me
name something people often say to each other but really don't mean:	i'll call
name a place parents should not be allowed to bring babies.	movies
name a place parents should not be allowed to bring babies.	church
name a place parents should not be allowed to bring babies.	restaurant
name a place parents should not be allowed to bring babies.	work
name a place parents should not be allowed to bring babies.	concerts
name a place parents should not be allowed to bring babies.	store
name a football player position.	striker
name a football player position.	goalie
name a football player position.	midfielder
name a football player position.	defender
name something you dunk.	basketball
name something you dunk.	cookies
name something you dunk.	donuts
name something you dunk.	chicken nuggets
name something you dunk.	trash
name something you dunk.	chips
name something you would expect to find in heaven.	angels
name something you would expect to find in heaven.	god
name something you would expect to find in heaven.	jesus
name something you would expect to find in heaven.	heavenly gates
name something you would expect to find in heaven.	family
name something people have autographed.	photos
name something people have autographed.	chest
name something people have autographed.	books
name something people have autographed.	t-shirt
name something people have autographed.	poster
name something people have autographed.	hat
name something that makes music.	stereo
name something that makes music.	piano
name something that makes music.	music box
name something you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong.	talk on phone
name something you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong.	eat/drink
name something you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong.	speed
name something you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong.	not use seatbelt
name something you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong.	smoke cigarette
name something you do while driving, even though you know it's wrong.	don't use signals
name a word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it.	spongebob...pants
name a word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it.	sponge cake
name a word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it.	sponge bath
name a word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it.	sponge off people
name a word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it.	sponge mop
name a word or phrase that has the word "sponge" in it.	kitchen sponge
name something parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe.	stranger danger
name something parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe.	look both ways
name something parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe.	911
name something parents teach their kids in order to keep them safe.	address/phone num
name something you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse.	money/credit card
name something you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse.	makeup
name something you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse.	condoms
name something you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse.	cell phone
name something you'd expect to find in paris hilton's purse.	keys
name something that twins share.	clothes
name something that twins share.	bedroom
name something that twins share.	parents
name something that twins share.	thoughts
name something that twins share.	friendship
name something that twins share.	looks
name something a diver might look for underwater	marine animals
name something a diver might look for underwater	treasure
name something a diver might look for underwater	shells
name something a diver might look for underwater	missing person
name something a diver might look for underwater	sunken ship
name something a tourist visits in washington, d.c.	washington monument
name something a tourist visits in washington, d.c.	white house
name something that might come out early.	baby
name something that might come out early.	sun
name something that might come out early.	bud
name something that might come out early.	bird
name something that might come out early.	stars
name something that might come out early.	moon
name something that might come out early.	newspaper
name something the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family.	attention
name something the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family.	money
name something the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family.	responsibilities
name something the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family.	clothes
name something the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family.	discipline
name something the oldest child gets more of than the other kids in the family.	dessert
name something you'd buy at a bakery for christmas	cookies
name something you'd buy at a bakery for christmas	cake
name something you'd buy at a bakery for christmas	pie
name a movie about magic.	harry potter
name a movie about magic.	hocus pocus
name a movie about magic.	cinderella
name a movie about magic.	now you see me
name a movie about magic.	practical magic
name something you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of.	graveyard
name something you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of.	dump
name something you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of.	toxic waste
name something you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of.	swamp
name something you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of.	sinkhole
name something you'd hate to discover your house was built on top of.	volcano
name a famous person who's known for giving advice.	dr. phil
name a famous person who's known for giving advice.	dear abby
name a famous person who's known for giving advice.	dr. ruth
name a famous person who's known for giving advice.	oprah winfrey
name something that happens to your body when you get really angry.	turns red
name something that happens to your body when you get really angry.	sweats
name something that happens to your body when you get really angry.	shakes
name something that happens to your body when you get really angry.	gets warm
name something that happens to your body when you get really angry.	tenses up
name something that happens to your body when you get really angry.	high blood pressure
name something that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to.	auto machanic
name something that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to.	food
name something that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to.	home renovations
name something that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to.	clothes
name something that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to.	vacations
name something that always ends up costing more money than you expect it to.	medical visits
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	horse racing
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	political race
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	nascar
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	rat race
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	the human race
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	dog race
name a kind of race that is hard to predict.	turtle race
name someplace in the house where people hide their money.	under mattress
name someplace in the house where people hide their money.	freezer
name someplace in the house where people hide their money.	drawer
name someplace in the house where people hide their money.	vault
name someplace in the house where people hide their money.	coffee can
name something a child outgrows.	clothes
name something a child outgrows.	shoes
name something a child outgrows.	toys
name something a child outgrows.	being scared of the dark
name something a child outgrows.	bed wetting
name a form of transportation only a rich person could own.	private jet
name a form of transportation only a rich person could own.	limo
name a form of transportation only a rich person could own.	boat
name hollywood's hottest couple.	brad & angelina
name hollywood's hottest couple.	will & jada
name hollywood's hottest couple.	tom & katie
name hollywood's hottest couple.	nick & jessica
name hollywood's hottest couple.	ashton & demi
name a breed of dog that a macho man would never buy.	poodle
name a breed of dog that a macho man would never buy.	chihuahua
name a breed of dog that a macho man would never buy.	pomeranian
name a breed of dog that a macho man would never buy.	shihtzu
name a breed of dog that a macho man would never buy.	yorkie
name a breed of dog that a macho man would never buy.	pekingese
name an artist whose paintings sell for millions.	vincent van gogh
name an artist whose paintings sell for millions.	pablo picasso
name an artist whose paintings sell for millions.	michelangelo
name an artist whose paintings sell for millions.	monet
name an artist whose paintings sell for millions.	rembrandt
name an artist whose paintings sell for millions.	da vinci
name an occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day.	lawyer
name an occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day.	banker
name an occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day.	ceo
name an occupation in which a man would probably have to wear a tie every day.	salesman
name a kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called.	doctor's office
name a kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called.	dmv
name a kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called.	restaurant
name a kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called.	hospital
name a kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called.	graduation
name a kind of place where you sit waiting for your name to be called.	school
name something people will always remember about farrah fawcett.	blonde
name something people will always remember about farrah fawcett.	charlie's angles
name something people will always remember about farrah fawcett.	pin-up poster
name something people will always remember about farrah fawcett.	looks
name something people will always remember about farrah fawcett.	actress
name something people will always remember about farrah fawcett.	brave
name something you might find in a closet.	clothes
name something you might find in a closet.	safe
name something you might find in a closet.	hangers
name something you might find in a closet.	shelves
name something you might celebrate in the summer.	fourth of july
name something you might celebrate in the summer.	birthday
name something you might celebrate in the summer.	wedding
name something you might celebrate in the summer.	vacation
name something that might unexpectedly fly open.	door
name something that might unexpectedly fly open.	zipper
name something that might unexpectedly fly open.	shirt
name something that might unexpectedly fly open.	car trunk
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	cabbage
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	onions
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	fish
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	spaghetti
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	bacon
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	turkey
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	bread
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	chicken
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	cookies
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	popcorn
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	pizza
name a food you can smell when it's cooking:	hamburger
name something, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid.	ghost
name something, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid.	monster
name something, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid.	boogie man
name something, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid.	noises
name something, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid.	dark
name something, real or imaginary, that might frighten a little kid.	costume
name something you bake.	cake
name something you bake.	cookies
name something you bake.	pie
name something you bake.	brownies
name something you bake.	bread
name something you do when you are scared.	call 911
name something you do when you are scared.	hide
name something you do when you are scared.	turn lights on
name something you do when you are scared.	pee
name something you do when you are scared.	run away
name a public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed.	place of worship
name a public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed.	bathroom
name a public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed.	movie/theater
name a public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed.	funeral home
name a public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed.	park
name a public place where you can cry without feeling embarrassed.	hospital
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	refrigerator
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	piano
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	couch
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	bed
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	dresser
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	tv
name something in the house that is very difficult to move:	stove
name something you should get rid of when it stops working.	car
name something you should get rid of when it stops working.	spouse
name something you should get rid of when it stops working.	television
name something you should get rid of when it stops working.	clock
name something you should get rid of when it stops working.	refrigerator
name something you should get rid of when it stops working.	computer
name a phrase that begins with the words, "top of the..."	morning
name a phrase that begins with the words, "top of the..."	world
name a phrase that begins with the words, "top of the..."	hill
name a phrase that begins with the words, "top of the..."	line
name a phrase that begins with the words, "top of the..."	mountain
name a phrase that begins with the words, "top of the..."	class
on family feud name something the host asks players about	family
on family feud name something the host asks players about	name
on family feud name something the host asks players about	job
on family feud name something the host asks players about	age
on family feud name something the host asks players about	hometown
other than cowboyname a profession you often see in cowboy movies	sheriff
other than cowboyname a profession you often see in cowboy movies	bartender
other than cowboyname a profession you often see in cowboy movies	rancher
other than cowboyname a profession you often see in cowboy movies	doctor
other than clothing store, name a type of business you find in a mall	restaurant
other than clothing store, name a type of business you find in a mall	shoe store
other than clothing store, name a type of business you find in a mall	jewelry
other than clothing store, name a type of business you find in a mall	cell phone
other than clothing store, name a type of business you find in a mall	music store
other than clothing store, name a type of business you find in a mall	pet store
on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret?	10
on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret?	5
on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret?	8
on a scale from 1-10, how good are you at keeping a secret?	9
other than speeding name a reason a cop might pull you over	light out
other than speeding name a reason a cop might pull you over	swerving
other than speeding name a reason a cop might pull you over	failure to stop
other than speeding name a reason a cop might pull you over	no seatbelt
other than working name something you could stop doing if you became a millionaire	cleaning
other than working name something you could stop doing if you became a millionaire	driving
other than working name something you could stop doing if you became a millionaire	cooking
other than working name something you could stop doing if you became a millionaire	worrying
other than working name something you could stop doing if you became a millionaire	saving
other than sitting and watching, name something people do in front of the tv.	eat
other than sitting and watching, name something people do in front of the tv.	sleep
other than sitting and watching, name something people do in front of the tv.	dance
other than sitting and watching, name something people do in front of the tv.	yell
on a dating website what activity do people often list as a pastime	reading
on a dating website what activity do people often list as a pastime	sports
on a dating website what activity do people often list as a pastime	dancing
on a dating website what activity do people often list as a pastime	hiking
on a dating website what activity do people often list as a pastime	watching movies
other than work, name something you often find yourself talking to co-workers about.	family
other than work, name something you often find yourself talking to co-workers about.	relationships
other than work, name something you often find yourself talking to co-workers about.	sports
other than work, name something you often find yourself talking to co-workers about.	weather
other than work, name something you often find yourself talking to co-workers about.	tv
other than work, name something you often find yourself talking to co-workers about.	weekend
other than to buy books why might someone go to a bookstore	read
other than to buy books why might someone go to a bookstore	coffee
other than to buy books why might someone go to a bookstore	socialize
other than love name a word thats in almost every love song	heart
other than love name a word thats in almost every love song	baby
other than love name a word thats in almost every love song	kiss
other than love name a word thats in almost every love song	forever
on an average night how long does it take you to fall asleep?	1 hour
on an average night how long does it take you to fall asleep?	10 minutes
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	oprah winfrey
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	jerry springer
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	jenny jones
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	montel williams
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	jay leno
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	jullian barberie
of all the television talk show hosts, who would you most like to have over for dinner?	ricki lake
other than their bedroom name something a teenager has that might be messy.	car
other than their bedroom name something a teenager has that might be messy.	locker
other than their bedroom name something a teenager has that might be messy.	hair
other than a baby, name something you'd see in a crib.	toy
other than a baby, name something you'd see in a crib.	blanket
other than a baby, name something you'd see in a crib.	rattle
other than a baby, name something you'd see in a crib.	pet
other than a baby, name something you'd see in a crib.	pillow
other than a baby, name something you'd see in a crib.	bumber pads
past or present name a famous singing duo	sonnyand cher
past or present name a famous singing duo	the judds
past or present name a famous singing duo	the osmonds
past or present name a famous singing duo	ike and tina turner
past or present name a famous singing duo	the carpenters
past or present name a famous singing duo	simon and garfunkle
past or present name a famous singing duo	captain and tennille
past or present, name a woman famous for being well-dressed.	jackie kennedy
past or present, name a woman famous for being well-dressed.	aubrey hepburn
past or present, name a woman famous for being well-dressed.	michelle obama
past or present, name a woman famous for being well-dressed.	princess diana
past or present, name a woman famous for being well-dressed.	coco chanel
past or present, name a woman famous for being well-dressed.	queen elizabeth
people eat animals. tell me an animal that's been known to eat people.	alligator
people eat animals. tell me an animal that's been known to eat people.	shark
people eat animals. tell me an animal that's been known to eat people.	lion
people eat animals. tell me an animal that's been known to eat people.	tiger
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	space mountain
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	...small world
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	tea party/cups
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	tower of terror
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	pirates of carib.
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	the rocket/jets
past or present, name a specific ride at disneyland or disney world.	matterhorn
past or present, name someone famous whose first name is elizabeth.	elizabeth taylor
past or present, name someone famous whose first name is elizabeth.	queen elizabeth
past or present, name someone famous whose first name is elizabeth.	elizabeth arden
past or present, name someone famous whose first name is elizabeth.	elizabeth hurley
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	jesus
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	fabio
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	samson
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	howard stern
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	george washington
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	hercules
real or fictional name a famous man with long hair	albert einstein
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose feliciano
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose cuervo
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose canseco
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose ferrer
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose jimenez
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose gerco
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose iturbi
real or not, name someone famous named jose.	jose gonzalez
some men are placing want ads for wives. name one of the job requirements that might be listed.	housekeeping
some men are placing want ads for wives. name one of the job requirements that might be listed.	pretty
some men are placing want ads for wives. name one of the job requirements that might be listed.	loving
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	2
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	3
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	4
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	5
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	6
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	10
tell me the most number of people that could squeeze into a telephone booth	20
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$50
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$30
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$25
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$15
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$20
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$60
tell me how much youd expect to pay for a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant	$100
tell me a way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving.	hesitate to leave
tell me a way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving.	calling repeatedly
tell me a way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving.	crying
tell me a way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving.	lots of questions
tell me a way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving.	leave phone numbers
tell me a way that a babysitter knows the parents are nervous about leaving.	lots of instructions
tell me a reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach.	called in sick
tell me a reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach.	skimpy suit
tell me a reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach.	you're drinking
tell me a reason you'd hate to run into your boss at the beach.	ruin a good time
tell me something a person might ask their partner to quit.	smoking
tell me something a person might ask their partner to quit.	drinking
tell me something a person might ask their partner to quit.	job
tell me something a person might ask their partner to quit.	talking
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	flares
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	flashlight
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	first aid kit
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	blanket
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	car jack
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	water
tell me something you put in an emergency road kit	jumper cables
tell me the first big item you buy when moving to a new house.	bed
tell me the first big item you buy when moving to a new house.	couch
tell me the first big item you buy when moving to a new house.	tv
tell me the first big item you buy when moving to a new house.	fridge
tell me a good reason to attend your company holiday party.	food/drinks
tell me a good reason to attend your company holiday party.	presents/bonus
tell me a good reason to attend your company holiday party.	fun
tell me a good reason to attend your company holiday party.	to network/suck up
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	10
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	12
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	8
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	13
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	11
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	14
tell me the age that kids probably start using naughty language with their friends.	9
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	5
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	6
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	7
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	4
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	3
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	10
tell me the average number of keys the average person carries around with them (numeric only).	2
tell me something that can momentarily blind you.	sun
tell me something that can momentarily blind you.	bright light
tell me something that can momentarily blind you.	camara flash
tell me something that can momentarily blind you.	pepper spray
tell me something that can momentarily blind you.	love
tell me something that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family.	socialize
tell me something that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family.	date
tell me something that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family.	work
tell me something that you'd prefer to do with strangers rather than family.	fight
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	new york city
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	las vegas
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	paris
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	los angeles
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	chicago
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	new orleans
tell me a city in which youd never be bored	miami
tell me something that americans want to do while visiting france.	eat french cuisine
tell me something that americans want to do while visiting france.	shop
tell me something that americans want to do while visiting france.	see eiffel tower
tell me something that americans want to do while visiting france.	drink wine
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	salesperson
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	collections/landlord
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	parents/in laws
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	neighbor
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	cops
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	friend
tell me who was at the door the last time you pretended not to be home	postal worker
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	has gray hair
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	has facial hair
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	wealthy
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	handsome
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	smart
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	tall
tell me a characteristic of a man whos described as distinguished	wears a suit
tell me the age that most people want to live until.	100
tell me the age that most people want to live until.	80
tell me the age that most people want to live until.	90
tell me the age that most people want to live until.	75
tell me the age that most people want to live until.	70
tell me the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man	20
tell me the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man	18
tell me the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man	25
tell me the age of a woman that is too young to be dating a 50 year old man	30
tell me the age of the average babysitter	16
tell me the age of the average babysitter	15
tell me the age of the average babysitter	14
tell me the age of the average babysitter	13
tell me the age of the average babysitter	17
tell me the age of the average babysitter	18
tell me the age of the average babysitter	12
tell me something you would feel uncomfortable talking to your grandmother about.	send us your answers!
tell me something you would feel uncomfortable talking to your grandmother about.	love life
tell me something you might do on a sunday.	send us your answers!
tell me something you might do on a sunday.	church
tell me something you might do on a sunday.	sleep in
tell me a way you reward yourself.	send us your answers!
tell me a way you reward yourself.	buy stuff
tell me how old a woman is before she starts lying about her age. # only	41
tell me how old a woman is before she starts lying about her age. # only	30
tell me how old a woman is before she starts lying about her age. # only	35
tell me how many beers it takes the average man to get drunk.	5
tell me how many beers it takes the average man to get drunk.	6
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	hunk
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	hot/hottie
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	handsome
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	cute
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	stud
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	sexy
tell me a word women use for a very good-looking guy.	fine
tell me one word women use to describe very attractive men.	"hot"
tell me one word women use to describe very attractive men.	"hunk"
tell me one word women use to describe very attractive men.	"handsome"
tell me one word women use to describe very attractive men.	"fine"
tell me one word women use to describe very attractive men.	"sexy"
tell me something people renovate in their house.	kitchen
tell me something people renovate in their house.	bathroom
tell me something people renovate in their house.	living room
tell me something people renovate in their house.	basement
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	around
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	playing
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	mucking about
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	messing around
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	horseplay
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	goofing around
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	fooling around
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	lying
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	fibbing
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	exaggerating
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	bending truth
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	untruth
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	dishonest
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	picking
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	nose picking
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	their diet
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	diet
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	breaking their diet
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	breaking diet
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	busybodies
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	gossiping
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	rumor
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	robbing
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	burglarizing
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	snatching
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	stealing
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	pickpocketing
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	thieving
tell me something people love to catch other people doing.	shoplifting
tell me something that can have a dead end.	street/road
tell me something that can have a dead end.	job
tell me something that can have a dead end.	hair
tell me something that can have a dead end.	driveway
tell me something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding venue
tell me something a bride wants to be huge.	cake
tell me something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding rings
tell me something a bride wants to be huge.	wedding reception
tell me something a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent.	beat
tell me something a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent.	whip
tell me something a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent.	pound
tell me something a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent.	chop
tell me something a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent.	mash
tell me something a recipe instructs you to do that sounds violent.	grind
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight.	justin beiber
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight.	gilbert gottfried
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight.	miley cyrus
tell me a celebrity you would hate to sit next to on a flight.	lindsay lohan
tell me something that you split.	food
tell me something that you split.	bills
tell me something that you split.	firewood
tell me something that you split.	trousers
tell me something that you split.	atom
tell me something that you split.	bowling pins
tell me something people decorate their houses with on halloween.	jack o'lanterns
tell me something people decorate their houses with on halloween.	ghosts
tell me something people decorate their houses with on halloween.	spider webs
tell me something people decorate their houses with on halloween.	skeletons
tell me something people decorate their houses with on halloween.	halloween lights
tell me something people play for hours and hours.	video/computer game
tell me something people play for hours and hours.	cards/board game
tell me something people play for hours and hours.	music/radio
tell me something people play for hours and hours.	sports
tell me something people decorate their house with for halloween.	jack o'lanterns
tell me something people decorate their house with for halloween.	ghosts
tell me something people decorate their house with for halloween.	spider webs
tell me something people decorate their house with for halloween.	skeletons
tell me something people decorate their house with for halloween.	halloween lights
tell me a noise that would make you call the police:	gunshot
tell me a noise that would make you call the police:	breaking glass
tell me a noise that would make you call the police:	scream
tell me a noise that would make you call the police:	car crash
tell me a noise that would make you call the police:	explosion
tell me a situation where it is difficult to keep your cool.	argument
tell me a situation where it is difficult to keep your cool.	long lines
tell me a situation where it is difficult to keep your cool.	car accident
tell me a situation where it is difficult to keep your cool.	traffic
tell me a situation where it is difficult to keep your cool.	break up
tell me a situation where it is difficult to keep your cool.	court
tell me something you might boil before you eat it.	eggs
tell me something you might boil before you eat it.	potatoes
tell me something you might boil before you eat it.	hot dog
tell me something you might boil before you eat it.	pasta
tell me something you might boil before you eat it.	chicken
tell me something it would be impossible to do standing up.	sleep/lie down
tell me something it would be impossible to do standing up.	drive
tell me something it would be impossible to do standing up.	go 2!
tell me something it would be impossible to do standing up.	socks/shoes on
tell me something it would be impossible to do standing up.	make love
tell me something you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick.	work
tell me something you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick.	family gathering
tell me something you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick.	school
tell me something you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick.	party/wedding
tell me something you really didn't want to do, so you pretended you were sick.	a date
tell me something about a zombie.	undead
tell me something about a zombie.	ugly
tell me something about a zombie.	walk funny
tell me something about a zombie.	scary
tell me something about a zombie.	not real
tell me something you wish you could do over again.	school
tell me something you wish you could do over again.	marriage
tell me something you wish you could do over again.	childhood
tell me something you wish you could do over again.	life
tell me a pet that might live longer than its owner.	turtle
tell me a pet that might live longer than its owner.	bird
tell me a pet that might live longer than its owner.	dog
tell me a pet that might live longer than its owner.	cat
tell me the shape of a ufo.	circular
tell me the shape of a ufo.	oval
tell me the shape of a ufo.	triangular
tell me the shape of a ufo.	sphere
tell me something that ruins your dinner.	burnt food
tell me something that ruins your dinner.	phone call
tell me something that ruins your dinner.	bad conversation
tell me something that ruins your dinner.	fly
tell me something that ruins your dinner.	cold food
tell me something sharks are known to eat.	people
tell me something sharks are known to eat.	fish
tell me a type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog.	chihuahua
tell me a type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog.	pit bull
tell me a type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog.	poodle
tell me a type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog.	shih tzu
tell me a type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog.	terrier
tell me a type of dog that wouldn't make a good seeing eye dog.	dalmatian
tell me a way you've finished this sentence: "i'm so mad i could ____."	scream
tell me a way you've finished this sentence: "i'm so mad i could ____."	cry
tell me a way you've finished this sentence: "i'm so mad i could ____."	spit
tell me a way you've finished this sentence: "i'm so mad i could ____."	shout
tell me the talk show you think has the best guests.	oprah
tell me the talk show you think has the best guests.	jay leno
tell me the talk show you think has the best guests.	ellen degeneres
tell me the talk show you think has the best guests.	regis & kelly
tell me the talk show you think has the best guests.	maury povich
tell me the talk show you think has the best guests.	david letterman
tell me something that might distract you at work.	phone
tell me something that might distract you at work.	coworkers
tell me something that might distract you at work.	cute people
tell me something that might distract you at work.	talking
tell me something that might distract you at work.	internet
tell me something that might distract you at work.	loud noise
tell me one thing people know about shrek.	he's green
tell me one thing people know about shrek.	he's an ugly ogre
tell me one thing people know about shrek.	he's big
tell me one thing people know about shrek.	he's funny
tell me one thing people know about shrek.	cartoon/movie
tell me one thing people know about shrek.	he's nice
tell me something that tom cruise has been known to jump on.	oprah's couch
tell me something that tom cruise has been known to jump on.	moving vehicle
tell me something that tom cruise has been known to jump on.	other people
tell me something that tom cruise has been known to jump on.	building
tell me something that tom cruise has been known to jump on.	horse
tell me a place where you might see a lot of mirrors.	funhouse
tell me a place where you might see a lot of mirrors.	bathroom
tell me a place where you might see a lot of mirrors.	dressing room
tell me a place where you might see a lot of mirrors.	beauty shop
tell me a place where you might see a lot of mirrors.	store
tell me a place where you might see a lot of mirrors.	dance studio
tell me something around the house that you empty.	trash can
tell me something around the house that you empty.	ashtray
tell me something around the house that you empty.	dishwasher
tell me something around the house that you empty.	ice cube tray
tell me a word you might use to describe bill gates.	rich
tell me a word you might use to describe bill gates.	intelligent
tell me a word you might use to describe bill gates.	ugly
tell me a word you might use to describe bill gates.	microsoft
tell me a word you might use to describe bill gates.	liberal
tell me something people cook on a backyard grill.	hamburgers
tell me something people cook on a backyard grill.	steak
tell me something people cook on a backyard grill.	hot dogs
tell me something people cook on a backyard grill.	chicken
tell me something people cook on a backyard grill.	ribs
tell me something people cook on a backyard grill.	pork chops
tell me something you hope won't happen when you're driving.	car accident
tell me something you hope won't happen when you're driving.	fall asleep
tell me something you hope won't happen when you're driving.	heart attack/ill
tell me something you hope won't happen when you're driving.	hit pedestrian
unlike dogs, name a type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house.	cat
unlike dogs, name a type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house.	bird
unlike dogs, name a type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house.	fish
unlike dogs, name a type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house.	lizard
unlike dogs, name a type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house.	rat/mouse
unlike dogs, name a type of pet that people don't count on to guard their house.	hamster
unlike coffee name a beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup	water
unlike coffee name a beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup	milk
unlike coffee name a beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup	lemonade
unlike coffee name a beverage that you could never make money off selling by the cup	soda
what might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit?	two timing
what might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit?	lives with parents
what might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit?	parties alot
what might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit?	young
what might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit?	hung up on ex
what might you find out about a man that would make you think he wasn't ready to commit?	no job
what would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen?	child
what would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen?	dog
what would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen?	police officer
what would a car thief hate to find in the backseat of the car he'd just stolen?	owner
what ailment might you have the morning after a wild party	hangover
what ailment might you have the morning after a wild party	headache
what ailment might you have the morning after a wild party	sore dancing legs
what ailment might you have the morning after a wild party	nausea
which extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials?	socks/stockings
which extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials?	under shirt/t shirt
which extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials?	jacket
which extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials?	scarf
which extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials?	thermals
which extra piece of clothing might wear to a game of strip poker to delay taking off your essentials?	hat
why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there	dirty
why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there	bad service
why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there	crowded
why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there	bugs bunny
why might you leave a restaurant before even eating there	long wait
what do roommates fight about most often	bills
what do roommates fight about most often	cleaning
what do roommates fight about most often	food
what do roommates fight about most often	bathroom
what do roommates fight about most often	noise
what kind of food should not be served at a wedding	pizza
what kind of food should not be served at a wedding	hamburgers
what kind of food should not be served at a wedding	sanswiches
what kind of food should not be served at a wedding	hot dogs
what do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are	pursue a career
what do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are	get married
what do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are	have kids
what do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are	buy a house
what do most people hope to accomplish by the time they are	finish college
we asked parents name something youd tell your children to do first before getting married	finish school
we asked parents name something youd tell your children to do first before getting married	fall in love
we asked parents name something youd tell your children to do first before getting married	get a job
we asked parents name something youd tell your children to do first before getting married	date others
we asked parents name something youd tell your children to do first before getting married	have fun
we asked parents name something youd tell your children to do first before getting married	live together
what might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score?	rodents
what might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score?	bugs/roaches
what might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score?	dirty dishes
what might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score?	mold
what might a health inspector find in a restaurant that causes it to get a poor score?	hair
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	bathroom
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	hello
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	food
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	thank you
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	help
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	please
when traveling in a foreign country name something youd hate to forget the word for	money
what might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles	stretch
what might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles	get a massage
what might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles	soak in hot tub
what might a professional athlete do just after a sports game to avoid getting sore muscles	apply ice
which color would you be surprised to see a bride wearing on her wedding day	black
which color would you be surprised to see a bride wearing on her wedding day	red
which color would you be surprised to see a bride wearing on her wedding day	green
which color of car do you think gets pulled over most often	red
which color of car do you think gets pulled over most often	black
which color of car do you think gets pulled over most often	white
which color of car do you think gets pulled over most often	silver
which color of car do you think gets pulled over most often	blue
which color of car do you think gets pulled over most often	green
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	hard/confusing
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	silly
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	too easy
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	too personal
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	bad answers
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	too american
why might someone dislike a family feud question?	too long
what do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july	drink
what do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july	fireworks
what do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july	eat
what do people do more on the th of july than on the th of july	sleep
what do people pay to have guessed at the carnival	weight
what do people pay to have guessed at the carnival	age
what do people pay to have guessed at the carnival	future
what do people pay to have guessed at the carnival	height
why would someone like star wars, but not star trek?	characters
why would someone like star wars, but not star trek?	more action
why would someone like star wars, but not star trek?	light sabers
why would someone like star wars, but not star trek?	prefer movies
why would someone like star wars, but not star trek?	special effects
without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument?	gesture
without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument?	point finger
without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument?	facial expression
without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument?	battle
without yelling, how does a mime defend his position in an argument?	stomp
which famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait?	picasso
which famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait?	van gogh
which famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait?	da vinci
which famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait?	monet
which famous painter would you ask to paint your portrait?	michaelangelo
what topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine?	make up
what topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine?	period
what topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine?	fashion
what topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine?	cooking
what topic would you see in a women's magazine that's never in a men's magazine?	pregnancy
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	jason
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	dracula
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	ghost
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	witch
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	frankenstein
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	freddy krueger
which spooky halloween character would you hate to run into in a dark alley	zombie
what sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial	song
what sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial	character/ voice
what sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial	slogan
what sticks in your head most from an irritating but memorable commercial	the product
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	bathing suit
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	sunscreen
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	goggles
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	a swim cap
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	float/ inner tube
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	life vest/ floaties
what do some people refuse to go swimming without	a friend
what square object in your home could you not live without?	tv
what square object in your home could you not live without?	computer
what square object in your home could you not live without?	microwave
what square object in your home could you not live without?	stove
what square object in your home could you not live without?	table
what square object in your home could you not live without?	washer
what kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver?	trucker hat
what kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver?	jeans
what kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver?	flannel shirt
what kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver?	boots
what kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver?	t shirts
what kinds of clothes and accessories would you find in the closet of a truck driver?	overalls
without the uniform, how can you tell that someone is in the mlitary	haircut
without the uniform, how can you tell that someone is in the mlitary	confident walk
without the uniform, how can you tell that someone is in the mlitary	badge
without the uniform, how can you tell that someone is in the mlitary	good posture
what do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum	touch the art
what do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum	run
what do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum	steal
what do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum	yell
what do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum	bring food in
what do people do that could get them kicked out of a museum	break something
what do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common?	some don't believe
what do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common?	special occasions
what do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common?	bring gifts
what do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common?	kids love them
what do santa claus, easter bunny, and the tooth fairy have in common?	visit at night
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	car
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	airplane
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	bus
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	train
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	church
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	jail
where might you be if youre sitting in a cramped spot for a long time	school
when its cold outside name something you dream about doing on a sunny beach	tanning
when its cold outside name something you dream about doing on a sunny beach	swimming
when its cold outside name something you dream about doing on a sunny beach	tropical drinks
when its cold outside name something you dream about doing on a sunny beach	picnic
when its cold outside name something you dream about doing on a sunny beach	volleyball
what might some women love more than their spouse	children
what might some women love more than their spouse	money
what might some women love more than their spouse	shopping
what might some women love more than their spouse	shoes
what might some women love more than their spouse	pet
what might some women love more than their spouse	chocolate
what might some women love more than their spouse	jewelry
why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving	faster
why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving	distance
why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving	avoid traffic
why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving	road conditions
why might you fly home for the holidays instead of driving	gas prices
who or what would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail?	bear
who or what would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail?	snake
who or what would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail?	criminal
who or what would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail?	mountain lion
who or what would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail?	wolf
who or what would you not want to meet in the middle of a hiking trail?	big foot
what item do people always keep inside their cars?	flashlight
what item do people always keep inside their cars?	map
what item do people always keep inside their cars?	umbrella
what item do people always keep inside their cars?	registration
what item do people always keep inside their cars?	sunglasses
what item do people always keep inside their cars?	tissues
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	plumber
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	carpenter
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	doctor
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	housekeeper
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	chef
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	electrician
what profession would you want your mate to have just because itd be useful around the house	mechanic
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	horse
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	kangaroo
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	cheetah
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	dog
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	giraffe
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	rabbit
which animal has the best chance of winning at the hurdles	gazelle
when sitting next to someone she likes name something a woman does to flirt	smile
when sitting next to someone she likes name something a woman does to flirt	wink
when sitting next to someone she likes name something a woman does to flirt	chat them up
when sitting next to someone she likes name something a woman does to flirt	play with hair
when sitting next to someone she likes name something a woman does to flirt	giggle
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	appearance
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	honesty
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	experience
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	personality
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	education
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	intelligence
which quality do you think a boss looks for first when hiring a new employee?	confidence
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	talk
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	fall asleep
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	skip class
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	cheat
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	text message
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	arrive late
what do college students do that annoys their professors the most	chew gum
we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one	1
we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one	2
we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one	3
we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one	4
we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one	5
we asked married people after how many did you know your partner was the one	10
what kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich?	banana
what kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich?	garlic
what kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich?	cinnamon raisin
what kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich?	cornbread
what kind of bread would be horrible for making a sandwich?	pumpkin/zucchini
what do cats have the we dont have	tails
what do cats have the we dont have	claws
what do cats have the we dont have	fur
what do cats have the we dont have	paws
what do cats have the we dont have	9 lives
who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show?	god
who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show?	fans
who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show?	parents
who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show?	partner
who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show?	producer
who do many celebrities thank after a win at an awards show?	director
we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you	shopping
we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you	church
we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you	movie theatre
we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you	salon/spa
we asked women where do you wish your partner was more willing to go with you	dancing
which kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving?	sweat pants
which kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving?	stretch pants
which kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving?	jeans
which kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving?	overalls
which kind of pants are best to wear when you're planning to overeat at thanksgiving?	track pants
what is the best part of a 4th of july parade	fireworks
what is the best part of a 4th of july parade	floats
what is the best part of a 4th of july parade	candy
what is the best part of a 4th of july parade	music
what is the best part of a 4th of july parade	costumes
what is the best part of a 4th of july parade	fire trucks
which part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute?	shopping
which part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute?	cooking
which part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute?	cleaning
which part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute?	wrapping gifts
which part of holiday preparation do you always put off til the last minute?	decorating
why might someone ride their bike to work	no car
why might someone ride their bike to work	exercise
why might someone ride their bike to work	save gas
why might someone ride their bike to work	environment
what might you see inside a bag of chips that would make you stop eating them	hair
what might you see inside a bag of chips that would make you stop eating them	bug
what might you see inside a bag of chips that would make you stop eating them	mold
what do people start having more of in their car once they have kids?	toys
what do people start having more of in their car once they have kids?	trash
what do people start having more of in their car once they have kids?	car seats
what do people start having more of in their car once they have kids?	food/drink
what do people start having more of in their car once they have kids?	spills
with eyes closed, name something about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him.	facial hair
with eyes closed, name something about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him.	size of lips
with eyes closed, name something about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him.	smell
with eyes closed, name something about a man's mouth that a woman kissing him could use to identify him.	braces/teeth
what domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do	cook
what domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do	sew
what domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do	clean
what domestic activity would you be surprised to find mrs claus couldnt do	laundry
we asked men where do women just hate to go	sport events
we asked men where do women just hate to go	bar
we asked men where do women just hate to go	work
we asked men where do women just hate to go	supermarket
we asked men where do women just hate to go	strip club
we asked men where do women just hate to go	doctor/dentist
when living in an apartment name something you can often hear your neighbors doing	fighting
when living in an apartment name something you can often hear your neighbors doing	talking
when living in an apartment name something you can often hear your neighbors doing	watching tv
when living in an apartment name something you can often hear your neighbors doing	partying
when living in an apartment name something you can often hear your neighbors doing	vacuuming
what should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession?	sunglasses
what should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession?	hat
what should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession?	trench coat
what should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession?	wig
what should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession?	badge
what should a spy avoid wearing, if he doesn't want to be identified by his profession?	weapon
with regard to dating, name something moms warn their sons to avoid	becoming intimate
with regard to dating, name something moms warn their sons to avoid	greedy girl
with regard to dating, name something moms warn their sons to avoid	becoming a father
with regard to dating, name something moms warn their sons to avoid	bad girls
what might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret?	mask
what might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret?	gloves
what might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret?	wig
what might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret?	hat
what might a bankrobber wear in order to keep his identity a secret?	sunglasses
what's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning?	locked door
what's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning?	kissed family bye
what's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning?	turned lights off
what's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning?	drank coffee/ate
what's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning?	brushed teeth
what's the last thing you did before you left the house this morning?	took care of pets
we surveyed 100 single men...name something you own that you hate to have other people playing around with.	car
we surveyed 100 single men...name something you own that you hate to have other people playing around with.	computer
we surveyed 100 single men...name something you own that you hate to have other people playing around with.	tools
we surveyed 100 single men...name something you own that you hate to have other people playing around with.	stereo
we surveyed 100 single men...name something you own that you hate to have other people playing around with.	cd's/music
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it the most	head
when you're stressed out, name the part of your body where you feel it the most	chest
what did people use to plan vacations before the internet?	send us your answers!
what did people use to plan vacations before the internet?	travel agent
we surveyed 100 married men...name a female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had.	jennifer lopez
we surveyed 100 married men...name a female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had.	halle berry
we surveyed 100 married men...name a female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had.	pamela anderson
we surveyed 100 married men...name a female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had.	britney spears
we surveyed 100 married men...name a female celebrity whose figure you wish your wife had.	vanessa williams
when you stay in a hotel, name something you worry isn't really clean.	sheets
when you stay in a hotel, name something you worry isn't really clean.	bathroom
when you stay in a hotel, name something you worry isn't really clean.	bedspread
when you stay in a hotel, name something you worry isn't really clean.	carpet
when you stay in a hotel, name something you worry isn't really clean.	restaurant
when you stay in a hotel, name something you worry isn't really clean.	pillow
we surveyed 100 women...which women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice?	vogue
we surveyed 100 women...which women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice?	glamour
we surveyed 100 women...which women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice?	cosmopolitan
we surveyed 100 women...which women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice?	elle
we surveyed 100 women...which women's magazine do you think gives the best fashion advice?	o magazine
we surveyed 100 married men...when your wife is talking to you, what are you thinking about?	sex
we surveyed 100 married men...when your wife is talking to you, what are you thinking about?	topic at hand
we surveyed 100 married men...when your wife is talking to you, what are you thinking about?	i love her
we surveyed 100 married men...when your wife is talking to you, what are you thinking about?	golf/sports
we surveyed 100 married men...when your wife is talking to you, what are you thinking about?	why she complains
when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you?	family/loved ones
when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you?	jesus and god
when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you?	st. peter
when you arrive in heaven, who do you think will be there to greet you?	angels
where do nudists go in the winter?	florida
where do nudists go in the winter?	indoors
where do nudists go in the winter?	hawaii
where do nudists go in the winter?	california
where do nudists go in the winter?	arizona
where do nudists go in the winter?	bahamas
we surveyed 100 single women...name something your parents always want to know about the man you're dating.	job/employed?
we surveyed 100 single women...name something your parents always want to know about the man you're dating.	his age?
we surveyed 100 single women...name something your parents always want to know about the man you're dating.	nice/personality?
we surveyed 100 single women...name something your parents always want to know about the man you're dating.	income/rich?
we surveyed 100 single women...name something your parents always want to know about the man you're dating.	what religion?
we surveyed 100 single women...name something your parents always want to know about the man you're dating.	nice family?
which state has the most lawyers?	new york
which state has the most lawyers?	california
which state has the most lawyers?	texas
which state has the most lawyers?	florida
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	streaked
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	smooched co-worker
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	got sick
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	passed out
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	danced on tables
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	had an argument
what would you hate to learn that you did after a couple of drinks at the office party?	fell asleep
what's a dog's worst enemy?	cats
what's a dog's worst enemy?	people
what's a dog's worst enemy?	fleas/ticks
what's a dog's worst enemy?	other dogs
when you let someone borrow your car, name something you hate to discover after it's returned.	no gas
when you let someone borrow your car, name something you hate to discover after it's returned.	damage
when you let someone borrow your car, name something you hate to discover after it's returned.	dirty
when you let someone borrow your car, name something you hate to discover after it's returned.	smells bad
we surveyed 100 men...name something women are always changing.	hair
we surveyed 100 men...name something women are always changing.	clothes/shoes
we surveyed 100 men...name something women are always changing.	mind/opinion
we surveyed 100 men...name something women are always changing.	mood
we surveyed 100 men...name something women are always changing.	nail polish
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband isn't home, name a place you can be sure to find him.	work
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband isn't home, name a place you can be sure to find him.	bar
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband isn't home, name a place you can be sure to find him.	friend's house
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband isn't home, name a place you can be sure to find him.	family's house
we surveyed 100 married women...when your husband isn't home, name a place you can be sure to find him.	sports/event
what's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat?	movie
what's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat?	play/show
what's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat?	concert
what's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat?	sporting event
what's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat?	church
what's something people arrive early for so they can get a good seat?	party/wedding
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	dig up treasure
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	party
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	sleep
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	bury treasure
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	swim
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	sunbathe
what might a pirate do if he pulled his boat ashore?	bathe
what is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver?	"slow down!"
what is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver?	"watch out!"
what is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver?	"stop!"
what is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver?	"turn here!"
what is the most common order a back-seat driver yells to the driver?	"speed up!"
when a tv show actor is fired what often happens to their character?	killed off
when a tv show actor is fired what often happens to their character?	new actor
when a tv show actor is fired what often happens to their character?	move away
what do you do for your dog that makes him happiest?	petting
what do you do for your dog that makes him happiest?	feed
what do you do for your dog that makes him happiest?	play with
what do you do for your dog that makes him happiest?	walk
what do you do for your dog that makes him happiest?	brush
when is the worst time to get sick?	vacation
when is the worst time to get sick?	christmas
when is the worst time to get sick?	holidays
when is the worst time to get sick?	wedding day
when is the worst time to get sick?	birthday
when is the worst time to get sick?	summer
we surveyed 100 single women...name an australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back.	paul hogan/dundee
we surveyed 100 single women...name an australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back.	mel gibson
we surveyed 100 single women...name an australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back.	russell crowe
we surveyed 100 single women...name an australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back.	heath ledger
we surveyed 100 single women...name an australian actor you wouldn't mind taking out back.	steve irwin
what words would you use to describe the 4th of july.	freedom
what words would you use to describe the 4th of july.	patriotic
what words would you use to describe the 4th of july.	fun
what words would you use to describe the 4th of july.	fireworks
what words would you use to describe the 4th of july.	exciting
what words would you use to describe the 4th of july.	festive
what would you do if someone insulted you?	walk away/ignore
what would you do if someone insulted you?	insult back
what would you do if someone insulted you?	fight/hit them
what would you do if someone insulted you?	forgive them
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	go shopping
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	wear a wig
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	get nails done
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	wear a hat
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	recut hair
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	eat
when a woman gets her hair cut and she hates it, name something she might do to make herself feel better.	color hair
we surveyed 100 women...name an animal some men look like when they dance.	monkey/ape
we surveyed 100 women...name an animal some men look like when they dance.	bear
we surveyed 100 women...name an animal some men look like when they dance.	kangaroo
we surveyed 100 women...name an animal some men look like when they dance.	elephant
we surveyed 100 women...name an animal some men look like when they dance.	chicken
we surveyed 100 women...name something a good bachelorette party needs.	"naughty nudies"
we surveyed 100 women...name something a good bachelorette party needs.	booze
we surveyed 100 women...name something a good bachelorette party needs.	music
we surveyed 100 women...name something a good bachelorette party needs.	food
we surveyed 100 women...name something a good bachelorette party needs.	girlfriends
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	candles
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	bubbles
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	rose petals
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	another person
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	bath oil
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	alcohol
what's something that can turn an ordinary bath into a romantic one?	music
what are common rules babysitters break?	having boys over
what are common rules babysitters break?	curfew
what are common rules babysitters break?	snacks
what are common rules babysitters break?	smoke
what are common rules babysitters break?	phone
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	money
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	you're fired
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	mommy
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	dada
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	gimme
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	buy
what do you think would be the first word, or words, spoken by donald trump's little son.	combover
what is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion?	lose weight
what is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion?	get hair done
what is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion?	buy new clothes
what is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion?	find out who's coming
what is something you might do ahead of time to prepare for your high school reunion?	drink
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	family/love
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	flowers
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	time alone/peace
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	dinner
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	a vacation
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	perfume
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	jewelry
we surveyed 100 married women...what do moms really want for mother's day?	a card
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds...]name someone that kids tell lies to.	parents
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds...]name someone that kids tell lies to.	teachers
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds...]name someone that kids tell lies to.	friends/kids
[we may or may not have surveyed 100 11-year-olds...]name someone that kids tell lies to.	grandparents
which extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials?	socks/stockings
which extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials?	undershirt
which extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials?	jacket
which extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials?	scarf
which extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials?	thermals
which extra piece of clothing might be worn to a strip poker game to delay taking off your essentials?	hat
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, name something it's easy to trip over.	shoes
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, name something it's easy to trip over.	pet
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, name something it's easy to trip over.	clothes
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, name something it's easy to trip over.	cord
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, name something it's easy to trip over.	chair
when you get out of bed in the middle of the night, name something it's easy to trip over.	bed
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, name something he does to pass the time.	read a book
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, name something he does to pass the time.	play games/toys
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, name something he does to pass the time.	watch tv
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, name something he does to pass the time.	sleep
when a naughty kid is sent to his room, name something he does to pass the time.	use computer
we surveyed 100 married men...name something about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize.	her weight/figure
we surveyed 100 married men...name something about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize.	her cooking
we surveyed 100 married men...name something about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize.	hair/face
we surveyed 100 married men...name something about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize.	way she dresses
we surveyed 100 married men...name something about your wife you wouldn't dare criticize.	her parents
we surveyed 100 college guys...name a job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion.	pool boy
we surveyed 100 college guys...name a job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion.	butler
we surveyed 100 college guys...name a job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion.	chauffeur
we surveyed 100 college guys...name a job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion.	photographer
we surveyed 100 college guys...name a job you'd love to have at the playboy mansion.	guard
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	daffy duck
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	tasmanian devil
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	spongebob
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	roadrunner
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	yosemite sam
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	bugs bunny
which cartoon character would you least like to have as a neighbor.	homer simpson
